K P L Z  1 0 1 . 5  F M  *  Seattle, WA
K as in Knife... A as Aardvark... P as in Pneumonia
K is for Kate who was struck with an axe
K is for Kate who was struck with an axe, L is for Leo who swallowed some tacks
K is for Kneecaps - they're gigantic on Torgo.
K is for kill, what Wesley Crusher deserves
K mart's Michael Jackson Sale: Boys' underpants 1/2 off.
K stands for Karl, Karl is the man who invented lightning
K*#~)$K aj838 *f#*D Hey cat! ....STAY OFF MY KEYBOARD!
K*#~)$K aj838 *f#*DHey cat!  &amp;lt;SMACK&amp;gt;....and stay OFF my keyboard!
K, bye!  #1 SimAnt Fan!!!  Lover of Peter Davids TNG novels!!!
K-A-T spells CAT!  -Kelly Bundy
K-A-T spells cat! -- Kelly Bundy
K-CHING! - Aahz
K-Lash 102 FM --- The Lashings Top 40 Radio Network
K-Mart $1.89 Blue Wave Special - includes stolen taglines.
K-Mart $1.89 Blue Wave Special - includes stolen taglines.
K-Mart : The Ferengi Homeworld
K-Mart Wine - Big Red Gulp
K-Mart Wine - Blue Light Special Nun
K-Mart Wine - Box O' Grapes
K-Mart Wine - Box O' Grapes
K-Mart Wine - Box O' Grapes
K-Mart Wine - Ch teau des Sots
K-Mart Wine - Chef Boyardeaux
K-Mart Wine - Chef Boyardeaux
K-Mart Wine - Chteau Traileur Doublewide
K-Mart Wine - Chteau Traileur Doublewide
K-Mart Wine - Domaine K-Mart "Merde du Pays"
K-Mart Wine - Grape Expectations
K-Mart Wine - Grape Expectations
K-Mart Wine - I Can't Believe It's Not Vinegar!
K-Mart Wine - Martha Stewart's Sour Grapes
K-Mart Wine - Martha Stewart's Sour Grapes
K-Mart Wine - NASCAR Bernet
K-Mart Wine - NASCAR Bernet
K-Mart Wine - Nasti Spumante
K-Mart Wine - Peanut Noir
K-Mart Wine - Peanut Noir
K-Mart Wine - White Trashfindel
K-Mart Wine - White Trashfindel
K-Mart Wine - White Trashfindel
K-Mart Wine - White Trashfindel
K-Mart Wine - World Championship Wriesling
K-Mart Wine:  Blackberry Gamble.
K-Mart Wine: Chardonnay de sot.
K-Mart Wine: Chardonnay de sot.
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K-RaD (ka' rad) adj. One who has not reached puberty
K.Basinger's Bambi: Man's in the forest. But PETA's in the forest too
K.C. in 2K       BE THERE!        K.C. in 2K
K.I.N.K. = Knowledge In Nocturnal Knowledge
K.I.S.S = Keep It Simple Stupid  :-)
K.O.R. excuse # 1: Stunned by Madoka slap
K.O.R. excuse # 2: Spirited away by Komatsu &amp; Hatta for girl hunting
K.O.R. excuse # 3: Had to wait for Kyosuke to make up his mind
K.O.R. excuse # 4: Body stolen by Kazuya
K.O.R. excuse # 5: Fell down stairs &amp; Time Slipped to present
K.O.R. excuse # 6: Ambushed by female gang armed with yo-yos and bowling
K.O.R. excuse # 7: Esper powers caught on film
K.O.R. excuse # 8: Swapped bodies with rock star
K.O.R. excuse # 9: Impromptu trip to Okinawa
K.O.R. excuse #10: Family member turned into fish
K.O.R. excuse #11: Jingoro escaped from Green Castle
K.O.R. excuse #12: Precognotive dream of utter disaster
K.O.R. excuse #13: Komatsu &amp; Hatta were after my sister
K.O.R. excuse #14: Madoka's parents giving concert
K.O.R. excuse #15: Chased by jealous Yusaku
K.O.R. excuse #16: Couldn't say no to Hikaru
K.O.R. excuse #17: Woke up with Akane in my room
K.O.R. excuse #18: Drafted into Katsu sand war
K.O.R. excuse #19: Hypnotized by Kurumi
K.O.R. excuse #20: Almost saw Madoka nude and passed out
K.O.R. excuse #22: Met myself from another time period
K.O.R. excuse #23: Rescued Hikaru from gangsters
K.O.R. excuse #24: Caught in Kurumi &amp; Manami's psychic cat fight
K.O.R. excuse #25: Frozen in time by magic watch during tennis game
K9 Unit Motto: Burglars - The Breakfast of Champions - Dragonrider
K:P     User is a little kid with a propeller beenie
KA-BLAMM!! Whatever that was, I hope it's on our side.
KA-chunk!  KA-chunk!  KA-chunk!  Ah... that's better!
KAAZZZZOOOOOOOOBLAMMMMMMMM....*(&amp;*%%$() NO CARRIER
KAKO JE OVO DOBRA STVAR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
KAMASYA activates any Tuesday
KAMIKAZE SQUIRREL BIT MY NUTS
KAMIKAZE---A child...a trike...a hill.
KAMPAI!!!!
KANSAS CITY DREAMERS
KANSAS:  Hayfever capital of the Midwest
KAOS - what happens when you run a Zebra over a bar code scanner
KAPLAH: Klingon for "Have a nice day".
KARAOKE is Japanese
KARAOKE is Japanese for "Tone Deaf"
KARAOKE:  A Japanese word meaning tone deaf
KARIN activates Oct 23rd
KAT.COM started. Computer will furball in five seconds
KATE SMITH - It's Over. I Sang.
KATT - 18 years of pure rock and roll
KATY LIED
KAWOOM!  KAWOOM!  click... click... idkfa  KAWOOM!  KAWOOM!  KAWOOM!
KAYAKERS do it rapidly, then roll over and do it again.
KAYAKERS do it, roll over, and do it again
KAZUNGA!
KBL           Klingon Belly Laugh
KCE: Kill Consultant on Error
KCE: Kill repairman [CE]
KCJhgQCnvICLJQBSj
KDO: Knock Disk Over
KDO: Knock Disk Over
KE  Kai Winn go down the hooooooole. --Baby Plucky.
KEATING.SYS bad, cannot recover ECONOMY.AUS - (A)bort (R)etry (S)hoot
KEEP YOUR *.* ASTERISKS COVERED
KEEPSEMFROMFLOPPIN: German for "brassiere"
KEER-RIPES, MAN! Let's get out of here! - Ren's Eyes
KEI-I-I-I!!  It's YOUR turn to do the paperwork!!
KEMOZABHE = "HORSE'S ASS"
KENEDY activates Jun 6th
KENEDY activates Nov 18th
KENEDY activates Nov 22nd
KENNEDY COMPOUND - KEEP OUT - TRESPASSERS WILL BE VIOLATED
KENTUCKY: five million people, fifteen last names.
KEPITU: Kill Every Process In The Universe
KEPITU: Kill Every Process In The Universe
KEPT WOMAN : A woman who wears mink all day and fox all night.
KES.COM not found.  (A)bort (R)etry (I)nsert a Borg?
KEVORKIAN VIRUS:  Helps your computer shut down as an act of mercy
KEVORKIAN VIRUS:  Shuts your computer down when it wants to
KEVORKIAN VIRUS: Helps your computer shut down whenever i
KEY PAD - An apartment with a lock.
KEYBOARD (n.): A device for entering errors into a computer.
KEYBOARD - An instrument for entering errors.
KEYBOARD - An instrument used for entering errors into a computer.
KEYBOARD - Hardware used to enter errors into a computer.
KEYBOARD : Instrument used to enter errors into computer
KEYBOARD ERROR ... hit F-1 to continue
KEYBOARD PLAQUE: The disgusting buildup of dirt and crud
KEYBOARD, A device used to enter errors into a computer.
KEYBOARD: A peripheral used to enter computer errors
KEYBOARD: An instrument used for entering errors into a computer.
KEYBOARD: Peripheral used to enter computer errors
KEYBOARDISTS use all their fingers.
KEYBOARDISTS use both their hands on one organ.
KEYNES WAS RIGHT
KFC Hillary Clinton Meal: 2 sm. breasts, 2 lg. thighs, 2 left wings
KFC has two kinds of Jesus Christ: original and extra crispy.
KFC's Nancy Kerrigan special:  two small breasts and a bruised thigh
KFP: Kindle Fire in Printer
KFUZ 107.7: Crazed furries playing with powerful toys!
KGB Keyboard - just like yours, but there's no Esc
KGB is Dead *NOT*. IRS is Alive. RUSSIA Wins????
KGB is dead. IRS is Alive. RUSSIA Wins!
KGBATF -  Authorized to Take Freedoms...is here now!
KHAN:  He (Kirk) tasks me.  He tasks me, . . . and I shall have him!
KHAN: He tasks me. He tasks me, and I shall have him
KHC           Klingon High Council
KHENYNBUILT - Where Quality Is Just Not Enough!
KHP           Klingon Home Planet
KHYF                  (I) Know How You Feel
KHYF            Know how you feel
KHYF...................Know how you feel
KID.ZIP.. Cute program...No on-line help!
KIDNEY: Young person's leg joint.
KIDS!  Please try this at home!
KIDS! Armageddon can be dangerous. Do not attempt it in your home
KIDS!! Please DON'T try this at home!
KIDS!! We are professionals. Please DON'T try this at home.!
KIDS: Reason why the cigarette was invented
KIDS: The major cause of smoking
KIDS: Why the cigarette was invented
KIDS:Reason why the cigarette was invented.
KIDS:The major cause of smoking.
KIDS:Why the cigarette was invented.
KIG  ; Kiss It Goodbye
KILL BARNEY! KILL! MAME! SLAUGHTER! Death to all purple dinosaurs!
KILL IT BEFORE IT GROWS!
KILL IT..before it sucks the chrome off!
KILL the S.O.B. - *THEN* count to 10.
KILL the s.o.b. - THEN count to 10.
KILL, v.t.  To create a vacancy without nominating a successor.
KILLER SENTENCED TO DIE FOR SECOND TIME
KILLERS! ASSASINS! YOU WON'T GET ME! McCoy
KILLTHEPURPLEDINOSAUR!KILLTHEPURPLEDINOSAUR!KILLTHEPURPLEDINOSAUR!KILL
KILObyte,per KILObyte,you save a bit.:)))))
KILROY WAS HERE
KILROY was here.
KILROY was here. (New Jersey)
KIN KIN, QLD, 4571 - where everyone is related to everyone else!
KINDNESS, n.  A brief preface to ten volumes of exaction.
KING MIDAS - Au Revoir
KINGDOM.ZIP!!  More than a game, it's an adventure!
KIRK:  (In a bitter-sweet tone) "I feel young."
KIRK:  Aren't you dead (Spock)?
KIRK:  Bones, what the heck are you doing?
KIRK:  Calm yourself, Doctor
KIRK:  Computer, destruct sequence one, code one, one "A"
KIRK:  Everybody, remember where we parked.
KIRK:  Gentlemen, may the wind be at our backs.
KIRK:  I could use a shower.      SPOCK:  Yes
KIRK:  I don't think these kids can steer.
KIRK:  I miss my old chair.
KIRK:  I want to talk to Star Fleet Command
KIRK:  If we don't help each other, we'll die here.
KIRK:  Mr. Sulu, let's see what she's got.
KIRK:  Mr. Sulu, lock phasers on target
KIRK:  My god Bones, what have I done?
KIRK:  No, I'm from Iowa.  I only work in outer space
KIRK:  Nobody listens unless you swear every other word.
KIRK:  Romulan Ale!  Why Bones, you know this is illegal.
KIRK:  Scotty, we'll need everything you have.
KIRK:  Standard orbit, Mr. Sulu.
KIRK:  We'll need all the power you can muster, Mister
KIRK:  You're not exactly catching us at our best
KIRK: ...simply caught with my britches down
KIRK: Beam me aboard Scotty! SCOTTY: Will a 2 X 4 do?
KIRK: Everybody not going to Earth had better get off
KIRK: I've always known (that) I'll die alone!
KIRK: I've always known . . . I'll die alone!
KIRK: Mr. Saavik, you have the con
KIRK: Romulan Ale! Why Bones, you know this is illegal.
KIRK: Tell them phasers on stun, good luck, Kirk out.
KISS            Keep It Simple Stupid
KISS   Did I ever mention you're a MAGNIFICENT scoundrel?"-Curzon Odo
KISS (:&amp;lt;) Keep It Simple Stupid
KISS method of programming: Keep It Simple Stupid.
KISS---Boo-booectomy.
KISS-Keep It Simple Stupid
KISS:  Keep Implimenting Simple Solutions!  They work BEST.
KISS:  Keep It Simple Stupid
KISS: "Keep Implimenting Simple Solutions!"
KISS: A pressure of the mouth against the body.
KISS: A secret told to the mouth instead of the ear
KISSING A SMOKER IS LIKE LICKING AN ASHTRAY
KITCHEN SAFETY ALERT: Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
KITCHEN WARNING:  Flying SPAM alert!
KITTEN:  A small animal, sometimes resembling a meatloaf
KITTY KELLEY - Someone Got the Dirt on Her
KITTY.CAT Virus Scan has exterminated the MOUSE driver
KITTY.CAT Virus Scan has killed the MOUSE driver
KITTY.CAT virus found, MOUSE.COM deleted!
KIÊA PADA TRAVA RASTE; MI JE SUÊIMO PA JE PUÊIMO !
KJV BIBLE Reads: Jesus Call'd Judas His Friend! Amen!!!!!
KJV and Bible are not synonymous terms
KJV and Bible are not synonymous terms
KKK: Sheet for brains
KLEPTOMANIA!  Take something for it!
KLEPTOMANIAC  A snatch thief. Greatly feared by virgins.
KLEPTOMANIAC (n): Rich thief with good lawyer
KLEPTOMANIAC, n.  A rich thief.
KLEiNBONUM BBS Rellingen (2:240/5070.11)
KLINGON chickens DO NOT cross roads.
KLINGON:  Wait, you said you would kill me.        KIRK:  I lied.
KLINGONS are KOOL!  ...My disruptor says so!
KM&amp;gt; ...System halted; COFFEE.CUP not found
KMA           Kiss my ASCII
KMFDM is a drug against war
KMFDM: K-ill M-other F-ucking D-epeche M-ode
KMac = Michael P. Kube-McDowell
KMart is having a Pee Wee/Ted Kennedy sale. Pants 1/2 off
KNEEL!!!... Now kiss the whip!!.............good boy @TOFIRST@!
KNEEL!!!....Now kiss the whip!!!...Good boy!
KNOCK KNOCK!! "BATF! Open up or we'll gass your children!"
KNOCK KNOCK!! "BATF,open up or we'll kill your children!"
KNOCKING YOUR FUNNY BONE by Lord Howard Hertz
KNOW FEAR:Fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge
KNOW guns and be safe. NO guns, and nobody's safe!
KO CUTI, NISTA NE PRICA
KO Radio Tagline  ...-  ...-  ...-
KOALA BEAR - One who eats bush and leaves.
KODACLONE:  Duplicating film.
KOJI DEKA, JEBO TE DEKA?
KONDOM (KONvertibilna DOmaca Moneta).
KOOK---A child who eats beets without being threatened.
KOP: Kill OPerator
KOREAN:  Sung Tan Chuk Ha
KORFBALL PLAYERS do it with the other sex.
KOTEX - a feminist radio station in Texas.
KOTEX - a radio station in Texas. 
KOTEX is a radio station in Brian, Texas
KOTEX is a radio station in College Station, TX
KOTEX is a radio station in Lubbock, Texas
KOTEX.......................Radio station in Konte, Texas
KOTEX..Radio station in Konte, Texas
KP: Krunch Paper
KPLA - Imperial Klingon Radio. All Glory, all the time!
KPLA - The station with more hits than Tonya Harding!
KPLA Klingon Radio : All glory, all the time!
KPLA Klingon Radio--All glory, all honour, all the time!
KPLA Klingon Radio: All glory, all the time!
KPLA Klingon Subspace Radio.  All Glory, all the time!!!
KPLA Klingon radio:  All Glory, All Day!
KPLA, All Klingon Opera, all the time
KPLA, Klingon radio:  All Klingon Opera, All the time.
KPLA, Klingon radio:  All glory, all the time!
KPLA, Radio Klingon - all glory all the time !
KPLA, the radio station for Klingons:  All Glory, All Day.
KPLA, the radio station for Klingons:  All Klingon Opera, all the time
KPLA:  Klingon Radio:  All Glory, All The Time.
KPLA:  Klingon Radio:  All Klingon Opera, All The Time.
KPLA: All Klingon opera, all the time.
KPLA: Klingon Radio!  All the glory, all the time!
KPLA: Warrior's Radio! All the glory, all the time!
KPOOM: on a small car.
KPR: Kill PRogrammer
KQ6 - Awesome!
KRAUT HAUS BBS - The German Culture BBS - Check us out !
KRUD-FM has frequency shift problems: it's creeping KRUD!
KRYTEN NEVER SHAVES
KRYTEN! Unpack @TOFIRST@ and get out the puncture repair kit! --Rimmer
KRYTEN! Unpack Rachel and get out the puncture repair kit! - Rimmer
KRYTEN: Perhaps, you could learn to love... pasta?
KSR: Keyboard Shift Right
KSUTRA.COM: Path to SEX.DAT not found. Check hardware.
KSearching for WITCH;WICCA;OTO;CROWLEY
KTLA over and out.  Keep watching the skies! -- Joel Robinson
KTLA signing off!  Keep watching the skies!
KTRL - K-TrillSymbiote Radio.  All new formats, all the time!
KUD: Kill User's Data
KUNG PU: The deadly martial art of passing gas.
KWQ/2 1.2i * Behind every good computer - is a jumble of wire...
KWWE: Kill Wicked Witch of East
KY  Kai Winn isn't dangerous.  She's just...misunderstood
KY JELLY?!?  And I suppose that was a BB gun at our wedding
KYDH = Keep your d*ck hard.
K[03@DF
Ka' Plah!
Kaboom kaboom! Yada dada - Tom hums during bombing
Kaboom, kaboom!  Yadada yadada yadada da! -- Tom Servo
Kachow? What, is Don Martin working for you now? - Dr. F
Kad bi ja voleo da citam, ja bi citao ceo dan!
Kad ce nad ovim gradom sunce zasijati kako valja?
Kad dete lici na oca: genetski faktor. Na komsiju: uticaj
Kad hodas, ne zastajkujes, i zemlju ne dodirujes, a mene ne primecujes,i
Kad se bolje upoznamo, bolje cemo se cuti !
Kad skines jednog jutra sminku i vidis sta si drugima dala,
Kada bi zivot imao Scroll-Back bafer.
Kada budem zeleo da cujem tvoje misljenje - dacu ti ga
Kada igram Super Mario, sve bih zanemario!
Kada ode djevojka na koju bacam oci
Kada pustite mozak na pasu ocistite stalu.
Kada se izlazi iz "Zone". Ima li nade i spasa.
Kada te ostave svi svaleri, kad shvatis da si pala,
Kafka's Law: In the fight between you and the world, back the world. -- Franz Kafka, "RS's 1974 Expectation of Days"
Kafka, Kafka, Kafka. It's always Kafka with you.--Iain Twolan
Kagel's Conclusion: Anything adjustable sooner or later needs adjusting.
Kahn!  I'm laughing at the superior intellect! - Kirk
Kahn: "I don't know you.  But you, I never forget a face, Mr. Tatoo."
Kahn: "With every last breath I spitt at thee!" Kirk: "Hey, stop that!"
Kai Scott: Why Work For The Lesser Evil?
Kai Wars: Opaka Strikes Back
Kai Wars: Return Of The Zombie
Kai Winn doesn't give interviews with the National Enquirer.
Kai Winn go down the hooooooole. --Baby Plucky.
Kai Winn isn't dangerous.  She's just...misunderstood
Kai Winn likes it when you rub your head against her and purr
Kai Winn ruled!  We WERE fooled!  Hallelu....errrr...ummmm....ohhh
Kai Winn sat little Molly on her lap &amp; explained there was no Santa
Kai Winn's Councilling Service - Open 26 Hours a Day - All Welcome
Kai Winn's dyin'!  I ain't lyin'!  Hallelujah!
Kai Winn's fearless. We ARE serious. Hallelujah!
Kai Winn's rulin'!  We're not foolin'!  Hallelujah!
Kai Winn?  I'll tell her exactly where she can shove her orbs!
Kai-bayashi Maru: The No-Winn Scenario
Kainotophobia - A fear of change or of new places
Kajarda: "What kind of fool are you?!"  Odo:" My own special variety."
Kakorrhaphiophobia - A fear of doing anything because of the chance of failure
Kakva giljotina - boli glava.
Kakva je razlika izmedju ribe i devojke? U kupanju gliste
Kakve su to divlje macke?
Kali, Blessed Mother Time.
Kalif umesto Kalifa
Kalifornian... Das Land von den heftigen BrÅdern
Kalvin? Hey, don't laugh. It's the latest thing in Djins.
Kamakaze incoming! Lookout! Lookou#@$*(&amp;@$!*&amp; NO CARRIER
Kamakazis DO IT once.
Kamek, it's too noisy in here! I wanna go sweepy-bye!!! - Baby Bowser
Kamek-Mako Industries does not take responsibility for insanity cause by
Kamen po kamen - palaca, rec po rec - alapaca
Kamikaze Paranomasiac each pun a killer
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted:  Experienced only need apply
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Experienced applicants only
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Experienced need not apply
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Experienced only need apply.
Kamikaze Pilot Wanted: Only experienced need apply
Kamikaze Tutor:  "Watch carefully; I'll only do this once!"
Kamikaze Tutor: "Watch closely, I do this only once!"
Kamikaze Tutor: "Watch this, I only do it once."
Kamikaze Tutor: "Watch this, I will do it only once."
Kamikaze Tutor: teaches like there's no tomorrow
Kamikaze Tutor:"Watch carefully, I'll do this only once"
Kamikaze instructor: "Watch closely, I do this only once"
Kamikazes DO IT once.
Kamikazi Tutor: Watch carefully, I'll do only once.
Kamin, can you answer me? Eline
Kamin, please come back inside. Eline
Kamin, please don't get up. Eline
Kaminites - Those strange people who show up inside new wallets
Kamp said that as soon as she is well enough, she plans to buy a new Pontiac Bonneville and drive it into a tree
Kanakanak (near Dellingham, Alaska).
Kandy is dandy, and sex won't add to your weight
Kanga-Q. Q sends an Away team to Australia.
Kangaroo Illnesses: Marcus Wallaby, M.D.
Kangaroo and chipmunks...bedbugs and ballyhoo
Kanok turned in his hockey mask for OS/2.
Kansas City Chiefs - the AFL's all-time winningest team!
Kansas Menu Conundrum #1: What wine goes with Moon Pies?
Kansas Menu Conundrum #2: What wine goes with possum?
Kansas State Library: a Bible and the Farmers' Almanac.
Kansas Trek:To boldly go where no Tourist has gone before
Kansas bisexuals DO IT with cows *and* sheep.
Kansas borders on the magnificent - Colorado!
Kansas foreplay: "Mom?  Is Dad asleep yet?"
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights
Kansas, she says, is the name of the star
Kansas, where the men are men, the sheep are scared and the women are grateful
Kansas. Like Hell with a sales tax.
Kansas: A game law prohibits the use mules in hunting ducks
Kansas: Acres and acres of just acres!
Kansas: Bubble-gum cards are in the Great Books series.
Kansas: It's illegal for restaurants to serve ice cream on cherry pie
Kansas: No one may catch fish with his bare hands.
Kansas: Not the end of the earth, but you can see it from here!
Kansas: When the wind stops, the chickens fall over.
Kansas? What part of Texas is that in?
Kantenpooper: German for constipated.
Kaptin! Thuh spel cheker kanna tayk muhch mor ov thiss!!
Kara's liberal BS Detector:  L [\.......] C  Hmmph!  Thought so
Kara's started at his wit's end.  &amp;lt;grin&amp;gt;
Karaok: Japanese for "tone deaf drunk with a microphone"
Karaoke  n.  Japanese word meaning "Tone Deaf"
Karaoke - n. 1. Japanese for "tone deaf white guys who can't sing"
Karaoke - n. 1. Japanese for "tone deaf yuppies who cannot sing."
Karaoke : Japanese for "tone-deaf drunk with microp
Karaoke is a Japanese word meaning "tone deaf".
Karaoke is the Japanese word for "tone deaf."
Karaoke(adj): Japanese for, "tone deaf."
Karaoke:  Japanese for "tone deaf drunk with microphone."
Karaoke:  Japanese word meaning "Star Search reject"
Karaoke:  Japanese word meaning "tone deaf."
Karaoke: "Tone deaf drunk with a microphone"
Karaoke: A Japanese word meaning "tone deaf".
Karaoke: A Japanese word meaning Tone Deaf American.
Karaoke: Japanese for "Tone Deaf Drunk With Microphone"
Karaoke: Japanese for "Tone-deaf drunk with a microphone"
Karaoke: Japanese for tone deaf
Karaoke?  Sounds like a dessert. - Wakko
Karaoke? Sounds like a dessert. - Wakko ... Or an illness. - Yakko
Karaoke? Sounds like a dessert. - Wakko Or a disease. - Dot
Karate is a form of martial arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. -Dave Barry
Karate is a way of life
Karate is a way of life
Karate masters do it cith Ki.
Karen has her own i, and she is not going to let Frank put his data into it. - F. D. Boswell Computer Science 240
Karinthy's Definition:  A bus is a vehicle that goes on the other&amp;lt;&amp;gt;side in the opposite direction
Karl Marx was not as funny as his brothers.
Karl Marx's grave is just a communist plot. [in Highgate]
Karl Marx, your final question, who won the Cup Final in 1949?
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law:  Work expands to exceed the time alloted it
Karma Cookies: Made with Honey from Blessed Bees
Karma is a wonderful thing.  It always collects its due.
Karma, let me guess, the Toyota factory!
Karmageddon, n. - When your fate finally catches up to you
Karoke - Japanese for 'Tone Deaf Drunk with Microphone.'
Kasparitis can be cured in our lifetime.
Kastigir is gone... now only you and I remain... -- The Kurgan
Kasumi: "Saotome no ojisama, asagohan desu yo!"
Kat (n): 1. furry keyboard cover 2. alarm clock
Kat (n.) - Small, four legged, fur bearing extortionist
Kat - a dog with an attitude problem
Kat Fu: The martial art of cat bathing.
Kat philosophy:  I think, therefore give me tuna!
Kat rule #6: Fit into the smallest space possible
Kat#*&amp;hair'`*^~in}{keyboard:&amp;lt;~)_+| #
Kat's aren't clean, they're just covered with Kat spit!
Kat's favorite game: Ha! Made you look!
Kat: an unprogrammable animal
Kat: small, four-legged, fur-bearing alien here to observe humanity
Katalyst (n): an alphabetical list of Kats
Katana the Dull
Katburd kicks @ss &amp;lt;Buthead&amp;gt; Yeah yeah, me too huhuhuhuh &amp;lt;Beavis&amp;gt;
Katchup:  A hair ball.
Kate Brasher is quiet. Not TOO quiet.
Kate! It's, uh, short for Bob!--Black Adder
Kate! It's, uh, short for Bob!--Black Adder
Katerpillar: A soft scratching post for a kitten
Katey Cacciola please pick up the white courtesy phone.
Kathie Lee is a beautiful sultry queen of sexual fantasy. - Chef
Kathie Lee is coming to South Park? - Kyle, South Park
Kathie Lee, you're my sexual fantasy. - Chef, South Park
Kathie Lee... you're my sexual fantasy!...  - Chef
Kathryn Page ˛ Bobby Page's sister
Kathryn Page ˛ Kathryn Page
Kathryn Page ˛ Lemming Herder
Kathryn Page  Zamboni Driver
Kathryn Page ˛ Make Checks Payable To:
Kathryn Page ˛ Zamboni Driver
Kathy Lee Gifford-Barney for adults
Kathy doesn't like you, @TOFIRST@
Katie Go-Boom of Borg: I'm not overreacting! You WILL be assimilated!!
Kato Kaelin - proof that Ginger slept with Gilligan!
Kato Kaelin, a deluge of words and a drop of sense.
Kato Kaelin:  Living proof that Ginger slept with Gilligan.
Kato Kaelin: Living proof that Gilligan &amp; Ginger were intimate.
Kato Kaelin: Living proof that Ginger slept with Gilligan.
Kato the house boy, done it. he framed O.J.!
Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?
Kats -- The Solution for World Peace
Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats
Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats Kats
Kats Know Their Rights
Kats and Monkeys, Monkeys and Kats - All Human Life is There - Henry
Kats and Women: no mattnr what you tell them, they do as they please
Kats are always more sarcastic than dogs
Kats are companions. Dogs are slaves
Kats are independent, by which I mean smart. - D. Barry
Kats are pretty cool - you can kill them nine times.
Kats are smarter dogs. You can't get 8 cats to pull a sled
Kats aren't bad loosers - Kats never loose
Kats aren't just for christmas but for a lifetime!
Kats know how we feel ... They just don't give a damn
Kats make the world go round
Kats took many thousands of years to domesticate humans
Kats: Pure love found in soft packages
Katscan: searching for a kitty
Katura veshtat!  Shadraak!
Katz' Law: Man and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted
Kauffman's First Law of Airports:  The distance to the gate is&amp;lt;&amp;gt;inversely proportional to the time available to catch your&amp;lt;&amp;gt;flight
Kawaikune!  (Uncute)
Kay sexes Yak.
Kayackers roll over and D0 IT again.
Kayak is Kayak spelled backwards
Kayaker Motto:  I surf, therefore I am
Kayaker Philosophy:  I didn't roll, therefore I swam
Kayaker Philosophy:  Turn over and smell the fishes.
Kayakers DO IT rapidly, then roll over and DO IT again
Kayakers do it, roll over, and do it again.
Kayakers role over and do it again.
Kazes mi sve je gotovo, ovaj put stvarno zauvjek, da zauvjek
Kazon Borg: "We have assimilated an enemy today!"
Kazon. -  Janeway
Kazoo, recorder, bagpipe - 3 instruments that need to get a life
Kdatlyano do it with feeling.
Keatingonians: We've got what it takes to take what you got.
Keebler does it with elves.
Keel, stand ready. Maab
Keelhauling is a real bitch on a starship.
Keen are the DOOMed Wolf QUAKErs!
Keen eyes see into a woman's soul and reveal her secrets.
Keen sense of humor: Knows lots of dirty jokes -work eval
Keenu Reeves has it out with Ed Begley Jr. - Crow
Keep 'Em That Way: Private Parts
Keep 'em Flying
Keep 5yrs back receipts for no $$?!? Isn't that involuntary servitude?
Keep :-) ng !
Keep America Beautiful!  Help stamp out Smurfs!
Keep America Beautiful....  emigrate
Keep America beautiful - Swallow your cigarette butts.
Keep America beautiful - swallow your beer cans.
Keep America beautiful ... properly dispose of all lawyers
Keep America beautiful, swallow your beer cans.
Keep America beautiful.. properly dispose of your lawyer.
Keep American beautiful - swallow your beer cans
Keep Australia Green; Have sex with a frog
Keep Australia Tidy; burn a tourist, but not his money!
Keep Australia beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
Keep Bajor Beautiful....bury those Cardassians today!
Keep Canada Beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans
Keep Canada beautiful.. properly dispose of your lawyer.
Keep Canada tidy, shoot a tourist
Keep Cigarette Cellophane.  Suffocate a Smurf
Keep Clinton cold this winder... he likes to dodge the draft!
Keep Clinton warm this winter he hates the draft.
Keep Cool, but Don't Freeze
Keep Cool, but Don't Freeze. -- Hellman's Mayonnaise
Keep England Tidy; burn a tourist, but not his money!
Keep England Tidy; burn a tourist, but not his money! ƒ Monty Python
Keep England Tidy; burn a tourist, but not his money!&amp;lt;AT
Keep Finland tidy, shoot the tourist!
Keep Grandma off the streets - legalize bingo.
Keep Grandma off the streets...support Bingo!
Keep Groovin'
Keep It Simple
Keep Lolita and send them Rush Linbaugh. They won't know the diff
Keep London tidy -- eat a pigeon.
Keep Mexico beautiful.... emigrate
Keep Missing Children on the MilkBox! Vote for SharfMan in '97!
Keep Music EVIL!
Keep NZ Beautiful....  emigrate.
Keep NZ beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
Keep Ontario beautiful!  Swallow your beer cans.
Keep Oregon GREEN! Send money
Keep Out!: Barb Dwyer*
Keep Poets in their place. Fill the hole. Cover w/ large ROCK!
Keep Rubber Chickens from the moronic.
Keep Shareware Alive.. Register Your Software Today!
Keep Smiling  -  what Else ?
Keep Taking Care, Orville.
Keep Them In Suspense  - By Toby Continued
Keep Uranus Clean!
Keep Wales Tidy - throw your litter in England
Keep a clear head and always carry a lightbulb.
Keep a cool tool fool,I'm wise to the rise in your Levi's
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you. -- Mae West
Keep a few secrets. - H. Jackson Brown Jr
Keep a firefighter warm in winter. Take him to bed.
Keep a green tree in your heart and perhaps a singing bird will come
Keep a stiff upper chin
Keep a stiff upper chin. - Samuel Goldwyn
Keep a thing for seven years and you'll find a use for it
Keep a very firm grasp on reality, so you can strangle it at any time.
Keep a weather eye on the telltale of Life!
Keep an eye on @TO@, I think he's a Romulan spy!
Keep an eye on that arrow, Harold
Keep an eye on that orbit, Tom said watchfully.
Keep an eye on the boards for more info as it becomes available!
Keep an eye on the clock, Tom said watchfully
Keep an open  mind,  but don't let your  brain fall out
Keep an open mind,... but not at both ends!
Keep an open mind... but not so open that brains fall out
Keep away from fire or flame.
Keep away from me, you depraved lout.
Keep circulating the Star Trek List of Lists.
Keep circulating the taglines
Keep circulating the tapes.
Keep comin' .BAK !
Keep conscience clear... then never fear.
Keep cool
Keep cool, stand in front of an open refrigerator.
Keep cool; process promptly.
Keep cops off welfare...Commit a crime.
Keep emotionally active, cater to your favorite neurosis.
Keep enough money on hand to bribe a policeman
Keep fighting! I'm learning new words!
Keep fighting! I'm learning new words!Keep grandmothers off the streets -- legalize bingo
Keep firing Assholes!
Keep gettin' stuck here all the time
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
Keep hands off secretary's reproducing equipment.
Keep her alive, kill the others! - Intendant
Keep honking while I reload. - Bumper Sticker
Keep honking, I'm reloading
Keep honking, I'm reloading  - Janier
Keep honking... I'm reloading.
Keep hope alive.
Keep in mind i'm no expert, just giving info from what i experience.
Keep in mind not all lynch mobs are this friendly. - Homer
Keep in mind that I have no idea what I'm talking about.
Keep in mind transmogrification is new technology. - Calvin
Keep in mind, ALL are original
Keep in mind: Statistics are no substitute for good judgment.
Keep in touch and remember #24 rules!!!!
Keep incest in the family
Keep interested in your career, however humble; it is a real possesion in the changing fortunes of time. - Max Ehrmann
Keep it Clean!: Armand Hammer
Keep it Simple, Stupid  (KISS Principle)
Keep it as simple as possible, but no simpler.  -Einstein
Keep it cool but do not freeze
Keep it moving, keep it orderly! - Ivanova
Keep it off the furniture. - Sisko
Keep it short for pithy sake
Keep it simple, stupid.
Keep it simple, unless it muffs our 12th Step work (Bill W p30 AACA)
Keep it simple. - H. Jackson Brown Jr
Keep it stupid, simple.
Keep it together Mr. Paris - Capt. Janeway
Keep it together, Mr. Paris. Janeway
Keep it up Mulder, &amp; I'll hurt you like that beast - woman did! - Scully
Keep it up and you'll be on the business end of a hissy fit!
Keep it up, Mulder, &amp; I'll hurt you like that beast-woman did!"-DS
Keep it warm and happy, wish I was there
Keep it where it belongs, Not where you want it!
Keep it. I'll get every other planet
Keep laughing at death, and eventually at least you may d
Keep learning 'til you're dead, then come back and learn some more.
Keep life simple... don't fall down an elevator shaft.
Keep life simple... don't put your head through plexiglass.
Keep life simple... don't walk into closed doors.
Keep looking for ancestors 'til you join them!
Keep me abreast of whatever Dolly Parton is doing.
Keep me in mind, we might solve this mystery yet.
Keep me informed, Kirk out. - Kirk
Keep me informed, ask your questions.
Keep me informed.  Dax out. - Dax
Keep me together another 7 minutes, that's all I need. Kirk
Keep my Taglines conference-topical?  Hah!
Keep nature green. Make love to a frog
Keep off the grass
Keep off the grass. - Timothy Leary
Keep off! Tagline Station Closed.
Keep on Trekk'in
Keep on a digging, the best bones are buried deepest!
Keep on keepin' on
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Keep on rockin' in the free world -- Neil Young
Keep on rockin' in the free world.
Keep on thinkin'. Someday you'll get good at it. - Sonny Crockett
Keep on trucking
Keep on trucking. - Jimmy Hoffa
Keep one foot in the past when searching for the future.
Keep only those you like, cancel anytime !!!
Keep out Clinton in 1996!
Keep out of reach of children.
Keep out output put input in!
Keep out, this means You !
Keep patting your enemy on the back until a small bullet hole appears between your fingers.  -- Joe Bonanno
Keep people as pets, train dogs, race rats.... -Pink Floyd
Keep phone lines uncongested - kill a telemarketer today!
Keep playing with your floppy and you'll go blind
Keep practising, punk. - Stoker
Keep reading until your glasses prescription changes.
Keep repeating the exercise until we're proficient, gentlemen. -Kirk
Keep repeating: It's only four more years
Keep repeating: It's only four years......
Keep repeating:WE ARE FREE!
Keep running - giant bees can only fly about 3 miles!
Keep searching - the answer is out there!
Keep shooting!  The ammo's weighing us down!
Keep shooting; eventually you're bound to hit something. Misfire
Keep smilin and thinkin ... it fools 'em every time
Keep smiling and everyone will wonder what you've been up to
Keep smiling!
Keep smiling, there is always hope... (:-)
Keep smiling, you might fool yourself!
Keep smiling.  It makes people wonder what you've been up to.
Keep smiling. Everyone will wonder what you're up to.
Keep staring at me i might do a trick
Keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.
Keep stress out of your life.  Give it to others instead.
Keep sucking up, and you'll have it made.  &amp;lt;crooked grin&amp;gt;  - Anna S
Keep talking -- you'll think of something to say.
Keep talking, Frank.  I could use the sleep. -- Trapper
Keep that sense of humor; it's critical.
Keep that smile on-line. (:, Joanne Larson
Keep the Government out of public data encryption.
Keep the OUT in ScOUTing!
Keep the Space Station! Clinton will need a new home in '97!
Keep the Vibe &amp; Positive NRG
Keep the ball.  I have a whole bucketful.  Gomez Addams
Keep the beach tidy... eat a sea gull.
Keep the books - burn the censors.
Keep the change ya filthy animal!
Keep the cheese.  I just want out of the trap.
Keep the coffee pot on....I`ll beback
Keep the dogs in Hawaii.  Quarantine the tourists.
Keep the dream....It'll come true.  :&amp;gt;
Keep the faith honey!  ...He's dead. -- Crow T. Robot
Keep the faith honey! (whispers) He's dead - Crow
Keep the faith, baby. --Fyodor Kropotkin
Keep the government busy, then it can't do any harm.
Keep the grits;  if it ain't cornbread I don't want it.
Keep the kitchen clean....eat out tonight!
Keep the muzzle pointed at your target.|  - Effective Gun Control ___
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum. -- D. Gries
Keep the oily side down
Keep the phase, baby
Keep the picture, but disregard the braids... - Anna Steven
Keep the piece!
Keep the plug in the jug.
Keep the pointy end forward and the dirty side down.
Keep the polished side up,and remember to have a safe ride every ride
Keep the shack warm.. Run radios with tubes !!
Keep the slimy side down.
Keep the smoke inside. -- 1st Rule of Electronics
Keep them coming, or at least breathing hard.
Keep them dry and don't feed them after midnight
Keep them talking.  I'm going to find Londo and bring him here
Keep things the way they are...vote for the sado-masochist party!
Keep thy Tail Bushy and thine Eyes Bright,
Keep thy shop and thy shop will keep thee.
Keep true to the dreams of your youth.
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right; decide on what you think is right and stick to it. - George Eliot
Keep trying Capt. Their behavior is highly illogical. Spk
Keep trying. - Kirk
Keep trying. Look at the man who put a hole in a Life Saver and made a mint!  --Syman Hirsch
Keep trying. We need to find out more about @Variable taglines
Keep trying. We need to find out more about @Variable taglines
Keep trying. We need to find out more about A Tagging we will go
Keep trying. We need to find out more about Anti-Conservative
Keep trying. We need to find out more about Christmas Taglines
Keep trying. We need to find out more about ST tags
Keep up appearances whatever you do. - Charles Dickens
Keep up the good work!  But please don't ask me to help
Keep up the riffs - Tom
Keep up the strugle for truth, they have no idea
Keep up to inflate shoes, my bag!
Keep up with the Joneses? I can't keep up with the SIMPSONS!
Keep us on Yellow Alert for the next 26 hours... - Sisko
Keep violence in the mind - where it belongs
Keep watching the skies &amp; watch what you eat - Tom
Keep watching the skies and watch what you eat... -- Tom Servo
Keep watching the skies!
Keep watching the skies. you never know when a Dunnie Might fall :))
Keep watching this space.
Keep well
Keep well - Orville.
Keep well - Steve
Keep well! Sala kahle! Sala sintle!   Steve
Keep well, @TOFIRST@
Keep well, David
Keep well, Orville.
Keep well, Steve
Keep well.
Keep yer eyes on the road, yer hands upon the weeuhl
Keep you V-10, I'll take a Hemi!
Keep you doped with religion, &amp; sex, &amp; TV
Keep you hands off the secretarys reproducing equipment
Keep your @∂ﬂ! dirty words the @$#% out of here
Keep your OS/2 system healthy by practicing safe REXX.
Keep your affairs in order, one mistress at a time.
Keep your ain fish guts ta your ain sea maws.- Old Scot Sayin
Keep your arms and legs inside the homepage at all times. If
Keep your arms and legs inside the tagline at all times.
Keep your best whiskey in a bottle marked "mouthwash".
Keep your best whiskey in a bottle marked "mouthwash". &amp;lt;Synners&amp;gt;
Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back
Keep your brain inside your head until the ride comes to a full stop.
Keep your bullsh*t detector in good workin' order.
Keep your chainmail, warrior
Keep your children short of pocket money -- but long on hugs. -L. Long
Keep your children short on pocket money-but long on hugs.
Keep your city clean...eat a pigeon.
Keep your clothes and guns where you can find them in the dark
Keep your comm channel open at all times. Chakotay
Keep your confusion to yourself!
Keep your cool... You never know when you might need it!
Keep your cotton pickin' hands off my gin. -Eli Whitney
Keep your dirty feelings deep inside -Floyd
Keep your dreams alive - Darkwood
Keep your ears open. - 7th Rule
Keep your ears open. -ROA#7
Keep your electric eye upon me
Keep your enlisted giggles to yourself! - Frank to Radar
Keep your enthusiasms, and forget your birthdays--formula for youth
Keep your eye on Cyclops.
Keep your eye upon the doughnut, &amp; not upon the hole
Keep your eyes on the moving pendulum  &amp;lt;&amp;lt;MOVING PEDULUM&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
Keep your eyes on the moving pendulum &lt;&lt;MOVING PEDULUM&gt;&gt;
Keep your eyes on the road and your hands upon the keys
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Keep your eyes on your own taglines, this is a quiz.
Keep your eyes open and your mouth shut. - Oliver North
Keep your eyes open before marriage, half shut afterwards
Keep your eyes open, potential taglines are EVERYWHERE!
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards. -- Benjamin Franklin
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see shadows
Keep your face to the sunshine and all shadows fall behind
Keep your face to the sunshine and you can not see the shadows
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow. - Helen Keller
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. - Robert Louis Stevenson
Keep your feet and knees together.
Keep your feet close to the ground
Keep your fingers crossed, my twelve-step friends! - Anna Steven
Keep your friends close, but keep your enemies closer.
Keep your friends closebut keep your enemies closer. Deep Throat
Keep your friends real close/Keep your enemies closer...  Adam Ant
Keep your friendships in repair
Keep your frogs clean lest you split your points.
Keep your guns and turn in a criminal!
Keep your hands off me! Paris to Chakotay
Keep your hands off the secretary's reproduction equipment.
Keep your hands on the keyboard
Keep your hands outta me! -- Al Calavicci
Keep your hands to yourself
Keep your head down; but don't bend over
Keep your lamp Trimmed and Burning
Keep your laws off my body!
Keep your life collected in its own center
Keep your life collected in its own center. --Chuang Tzu
Keep your monster on a leash!
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt
Keep your nose to the grindstone...it'll sharpen your boogers
Keep your nose to the wind, and you'll keep your skin. -Big Mama F&amp;TH
Keep your old love leters.  Throw away your old bank statements. - Lee Perry and Quindon Tarver
Keep your old love letters. Throw away your old bank statements
Keep your pants and weapons where you can find them in the dark.
Keep your paws off my pony!!!!
Keep your pencil sharp!
Keep your pencil sharp! - TEC
Keep your phaser on stun
Keep your powder dry  Bob Dole (after Clinton's healthcare speech).
Keep your powder, your flies, and your martinis dry
Keep your promises no matter what. - H. Jackson Brown Jr
Keep your quantum-pickin hands off.
Keep your robot pals where they belong! - Dr. F to Mike
Keep your robot pals where they belong! -- Dr. Forrester
Keep your rosaries out of my ovaries.
Keep your sense of humor and remember that this is a hobby.
Keep your slimy paws of 'a me, Gambit! (Not!)
Keep your stick on the ice! -- Red Green
Keep your system clean... Don't open windows
Keep your teen off the phone...Call a BBS
Keep your temper - nobody else wants it
Keep your weak hand on your wallet, your other hand on your .45!
Keep your words soft and sweet, in case you have to eat t
Keep your words soft and sweet, lest you have to eat them
Keep yourselves in the love of God. - Jude 21
Keep yr eye upon the doughnut,&amp;not upon the hole
Keep'on surfing
Keeper of the BLUEWAVE FAQS....Just the FAQS man!
Keeper of the Sacred Chao
Keepin' the Faith!
Keepin' up with the joneses is killin' me
Keeping Old Furniture Looking Good,   by Ann Teak
Keeping The Peace  - By Lorne Order
Keeping a cool head is the best way to appear smarter.
Keeping crumbs out of the keyboard is an art-form.
Keeping freedom safe from democracy.
Keeping the British end up, sir. - 007 (T.S.W.L.M.)
Keeping the Peace through Hi-Tech Intimidation.
Keeping the Promise
Keeping your clothes well pressed will keep you from looking hard pressed. - Coleman Cox
Keeps going, and going, and going
Keeps me Safe from Trouble and Pain
Keeps me in weird ties - Crow
Keeps the echo nice and tame,
Keey your nose to the whetstone
Kei and Yuri, Dirty Angels with a Lovely Pair.
Keiko Burger: Now comes with a bitesize mini-burger.
Keiko, you have dilated to 10 cm. You may now give birth. -Worf
Keiko: "I'm going into labour."  Worf: "You cannot!"
Keith Scudder has been caught stealing taglines again.
Keith Scudder reminds me of London - Always in a fog.
Keith is a good, kind, decent man - Mike reads letter
Keith, it looks like you've leapt into a tagline!.
Keith, why not start a LIST echo and get back on-topic here.
Keith, you forgot the bloomin' TAGLINE.
Kellemes kara'csonyi u"nnepeket e's boldog u'j e'vet -Hun
Kellogs Corn Flakes;the simplest things in life for the simple minded
Kelly Bundy - blonde, built, brainless and bouncy
Kelly Bundy - blonde, built, brainless and bouncy.  :-)~~~~~~~~~~
Kelly Chang:  The Chinese Redhead
Kelly ˛ "I don't handle stress very well. Wanna go out dr
Kelly ˛ Boogers are snot until they come out of your nose
Kelly ˛ I want a car the color of dirt!
Kelly ˛ I'll have to play with my switches and make it do
Kelly-Bootle's Law of Programming: The sooner you start coding, the longer it is going to take
Kelly-Bootle's pith poor law: Terseness is not enough
Kelly:  "What's a record?"  Bud:  "For you, a second date."
Kelly: "I thought it was time I gave something back to the community."
Kelly: "That can be taken a lot of ways."   Bud: "So can you."
Kelnyth's axiom #115: Girls: NEVER admit you can type.
Kelnyth's axiom #117: USER FRIENDLY is a dumb blonde.
Kelp!  I've been attacked without porpoise.
Kemal Ataturk had an entire menagerie, all called Abdul.
Kemosabe!!!  The music's starting
Kemp / Kirkpatrick in '96!
Kemp out Clinton in 1996!
Kempo means never having to say your sorry!
Ken Breadner		Wilfrid Laurier University,		##############
Ken Childs taught that you should take life seriously without always being so serious. 
Ken Gilmore hasn't been around here recently has he? - Andrew Coyte
Ken Gilmore hasn't been around here recently has he? - Andrew Coyte
Ken Reaverson chatted with coffee in hand to All about Sysop tags
Ken and Zangief '96: Vote for a change!
Ken must be home. The modem is still warm.
Ken's Law:  A flying particle will seek the nearest eye
Ken, one of the folks that drive SysOps crazy!
Kendall, get the barbarian in the corner another drink, QUICK!
Kender? What do they taste like?
Kendr's Famous Last Words #2:  "But it's only a LITTLE red dragon..."
Kennedy Cab &amp; Catering - for the party &amp; ride of a lifetime.
Kennedy Catering &amp; Cab Co.: For the party and the ride of a lifetime.
Kennedy Compound -KEEP OUT- trespassers will be VIOLATED!
Kennedy Compound! Treaspassers will be violated!
Kennedy Family Motto - We have ours, so SCREW you!!
Kennedy Family favorite sexual position:  Defendant.
Kennedy Motto: Even fools with money can be elected.
Kennedy School of Driving - bring waterwings!
Kennedy School of Swimming - automobile required.
Kennedy bumper sticker: My other car is underwater.
Kennedy dead, mission complete, returning to Mars.  --  Elvis.
Kennedy family folklore #467: Date rape is just a myth
Kennedy has a dead girlfriend. Clinton wishes he did
Kennedy's Bumper Sticker: "My other car is underwater."
Kennedy's Comment on Committees:  A committee is twelve men doing&amp;lt;&amp;gt;the work of one
Kennedy's Market Theorem: Given enough inside information and unlimited credit, you've got to go broke
Kennedy's lawyers: Letcher, Fondler, Chauvinist, and Pigg
Kennedy's new car has TWO lifevests.
Kennedy, Richard Nixon and Jimmy Carter are on a luxury liner that hits
Kennedy, Ted, n. - A bridge over troubled water
Kennedy/Clinton party tip: remove pants and mingle
Kennedy: Poster boy for term limits!
Kennedys always cry after sex, but it's probably just the pepper gas
Kenny Coppens - Redneck extrordinaire!
Kenny, he's a turtle!  Get a mitt!  Catch a clue! -- Crow
Kenobi "Who's scruffy looking?!" - Han Solo
Kenobi of Borg:  Your father was Assimilated by the Dark
Kenobi of Borg: 'Luke, use the assimilator.'
Kenobi of Borg: Your father was Assimilated by the Dark Side of the Forc
Kenobi/Skywalker '96
Kenobi: Your father was Assimilated by the Dark Side of the Force.
Kenpo's true value is not in what you know, but what you do. - Ed Parker
Kensai using Ki: the Ginsu 3000 Battle Blender- it slices, it dices
Kensie Graeme had style, the first one in the Cycle
Kent - abandon hope all ye who have ancestors here!!!
Kent Brockman for President!
Kent Family Law:  Never change your plans because of the weather
Kent's Heuristic: Look for it first where you'd most like to find it
Kent, the garden of England (so please keep your dogs out).
Kentucky Chicken to go:  poultry in motion
Kentucky Dos  Reckon' (Y)aw  (N)aw
Kentucky Fried Chicken
Kentucky Fried KITTENS!!!
Kentucky Fried Palukoo - More Dumsticks In Every Box!
Kentucky:  It is illegal to sleep in a restaurant
Kept Woman: Lady who wears mink by day, and fox by night.
Keptain! Incoming Tagline, sir
Keptin!  A Klinkon sheep!  An enema wessel! -- Chekov
Keptin!  An inwisible moderator decloaking!
Keptin', the UARTS canna take tha'stress!!!!!
Keptin, a Romulan Wessel ahead!
Keptin, a Romulan Wessel ahead!"  "A _wessel_, Mr.Chekov?"
Keptin, it appears to be an inwisible moderator decloaking
Keptin, it's an inwisible moderator Warbird decloaking
Keptin, it's an inwisible moderator decloaking ahead!
Keptin, our komputer vas inficted vith the Vindows wirus!
Keptin, the Romulans do not take preesoners
Keptin, ve haff spotted Klingons on da port bow, shall I scrape dem off? - Chekov
Keptin, ve haff spotted Klingons on da port bow...shall I scrape dem o
Keptin, vee haff found the nucleer wessels!    - Chekov
Ker             - Mother of Letters, Carnivals and Charms
Ker, Mother of Letters, Carnivals and Charms.
Ker: Ancient Greek goddesses of death and doom.
Kermit the Frog does Spy work: "Pond, James Pond."
Kermit the Frog does construction: "Rivet, Rivet."
Kermit the frog Tells Of Night Of Terror With Prince Phillip. "He Threatened Me With a Vibrator"
Kermit the frog meets Xmodem the bird
Kernel knowledge - Having your way with a jumbo box of popcorn
Kernel panic:  Nut lose in operator's chair
Kernel panic: unable to mount root.
Kernel: The Core of A Program, i.e. Source Of All Errors
Kerosene &amp; a match gets rid of the ear mites - Crow
Kerosene, the best accelerator for Windows.
Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College: Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex for the students, and parking for the faculty
Kerrigan clubbed. Harding drubbed. 1994 Winter Olympics
Kerry Packer, graduate of the Cardassian School of Diplomacy.
Kes always remembers to turn the Doctor off and Neelix on.
Kes bathes on water world while Paris uses nacelles as pontoons.
Kes grew them herself in the hydroponic garden. Neelix
Kes me, you fool!
Kes of Borg: "I have a feeling you're going to be assimilated."
Kes! Now look what she's gotten us into! Neelix
Kes, I could be in here a very long time. Neelix
Kes, her eyes weeping. J.T., his arms comforting.
Kes, your spirit guide is... a purple dinosaur????? - Chakotay
Kes. I know it sound pretty grim. Paris
Kes. I'm glad I could help you today. The Doctor
Kes. This IS a surprise. Janeway
Ketch:  Disagreeable clause in boat-purchase contract.
Ketchup is a vegetable?
Kettering's Observation: Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence
Ketterling's Law: Logic is an organized way of going wron
Ketterling's Law: Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Kettle, plug, fridge, milk, coffee. Yawn.
Kevin Anderson wrote to all (and it'll cost $5.99 to read)
Kevin Costner in: "Dances with Earps".  At a theater near you.
Kevin Dunn - The third Warner Brother on Animaniacs.
Kevin Elders - a planned and wanted child
Kevin Gallagher   Walk_In_Love Christian   MODERATOR
Kevin Gallagher - so conservative I have two right sides!
Kevin J. Anderson wuz here
Kevin Karmann could out-consume Wilhelm Freidrich Hegel
Kevin Lowe: Wonder if he's related to Rob - sure would explain a lot!
Kevin Nealon is my worst nightmare
Kevin said, "Put in a tagline". So I did.
Kevin's Andromeda Strain Tagline - self replicating
Kevorkian 18, Patients 0
Kevorkian Virus: Helps your computer shut down whenever it wants to
Kevorkian of Borg: I can help you assimilate yourself.
Key ring : Handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once
Key to success: Forgetting you screwed up the last time
Keyboard -  n. Device used to enter errors into the computer.
Keyboard - The standard way to generate computer errors.
Keyboard - a device used to enter errors into a computer
Keyboard -n., device for entering errors into system
Keyboard Count Down:  !) ( * &amp; ^ % $ # @ ! )...CONNECTED at !$$)) bps.
Keyboard ERROR, press Key to contine
Keyboard Error &amp;lt;Press F1 to continue&amp;lt;
Keyboard Error - Press &amp;lt;F1&amp;gt; to continue -- PC BIOS error message
Keyboard Error.  Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard Error... Press any key to continue
Keyboard Error: Not installed.  Press &amp;lt;F1&amp;gt; to continue
Keyboard Error: Think F1 to continue.
Keyboard Fouled Up Beyond All Recognition: Keyboard FUBAR.
Keyboard Missing..... Press F1 To Continue
Keyboard Not Found - Press [F1] to Continue
Keyboard Not Found... THINK F1 To Continue.
Keyboard absent..press any key
Keyboard bad or missing.  Press F1 to continue
Keyboard buffer: that guy who cleans the keyboard
Keyboard error ! Press F1
Keyboard error - strike any user to continue
Keyboard error : Key stuck.  Release F1 to continue
Keyboard error : Please do not press that button again.
Keyboard error or no keyboard, F1 to continue
Keyboard error:  Fingers not found.
Keyboard error: Press F1.  What if F1 is the problem?
Keyboard error: Press [F1] to continue [F2] to Abort!
Keyboard error: Wiggle mouse to continue.
Keyboard failure... press F1 to continue!
Keyboard is locked - Press F1 to resume
Keyboard is missing. Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard is unattached
Keyboard is unattached.  Press F10 to continue
Keyboard locked
Keyboard locked , Press any key to continue
Keyboard locked ... Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard locked.  Try anything you can think of.
Keyboard locked. To unlock, press &amp;lt;F31&amp;gt;
Keyboard locked..Press F1 to continue
Keyboard missing: Think F1 to continue
Keyboard not attached
Keyboard not attached, press F10 to continue
Keyboard not attached. Think F1 to continue.
Keyboard not available - Press &amp;lt;F1&amp;gt; to continue.
Keyboard not coneected! Press F1 to continue!!
Keyboard not connected ! Hit F1 to continue
Keyboard not connected -- press F1 to continue !
Keyboard not connected . . . . Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not connected, press  to continue
Keyboard not connected, press &amp;lt;F1&amp;gt; to continue.
Keyboard not connected, press Ctrl-Alt-Del to continue !
Keyboard not connected.  Think F1 to continue.
Keyboard not connected. Press &amp;lt;F2&amp;gt; to continue...
Keyboard not connected. Think F1 to continue.
Keyboard not detected!  Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found error.  Please press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found!  Visualize the F1 key to continue
Keyboard not found! Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found, think "F1" to continue.
Keyboard not found.  Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found. Continue? (Y/N)
Keyboard not found. Press F1
Keyboard not found. Think F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found. Visualize "F1" to continue
Keyboard not found... press any key to continue
Keyboard not found...THINK F1 to continue.
Keyboard not found...press F10 to continue...
Keyboard not found:  Press F1 to continue...
Keyboard not found:  Think F1 to continue...
Keyboard not functioning.  Press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not installed.  Press F1 to continue
Keyboard not present press F1 to continue.
Keyboard not responding - Terminal Illness.
Keyboard not responding! Press any key
Keyboard not responding! Press any key to contine
Keyboard only cryptic stuff below this line.
Keyboard sticky. Delete children [y/n]?
Keyboard stuck failure
Keyboard test running...qwertyuiop[]asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./
Keyboard unattached, press F1 to continue
Keyboard, n - The standard way to generate computer errors
Keyboard- Resembling a typewriter, a keyboard is used for entering
Keyboard-An instrument for entering errors into a PC ---
Keyboard-Error   Press &amp;lt;F1&amp;gt; to resume
Keyboard-instrument for entering errors into PC
Keyboard:  Device for entering mistakes into a computer.
Keyboard:  Hardware used to enter errors into a computer
Keyboard:  Used for entering errors into a system.
Keyboard: An add-on device for entering errors in a PC&amp;gt;
Keyboard: An instrument used for entering errors into a system.
Keyboard: Device for entering errors into a computer.
Keyboard: Device used to enter errors into the computer.
Keyboard: Used for entering errors into a system.
Keyboard: a Device used to enter errors into the computer.
Keyboard: a device for entering mistakes into a computer.
Keyboard: an instrument used for entering errors into a computer.
Keyboard: device used to enter errors into the computer.
Keyboard: used to enter errors into system
Keyboard?  How quaint!  -- Scotty
Keyboard?  How quaint. &amp;lt;Scotty,  ST IV&amp;gt;
Keyboard? How quaint.
Keyboarde error, press F1 to continue.
Keyboards at the KGB have no 'Escape' key
Keystone Kops + Gestapo = BATF
Keystrokes are a terrible thing to waste!
Keyword not connected, press F1 to continue
Keyword:  Your Place Or Mine?
Khala il rede he, Ishuna - Blessings follow and luck precede you-Geyr
Khan, I'm laughing at the "superior intellect"! * Kirk
Khan, this isn't the worm normally in the tequila-Checkov
Khan: "I KNOW you!"    Chekov: "No you don't, it's another YATI!"  :-)
Kharma rules, I'm serious!
Khomeinikaze, n. - A shi'ite suicide bomber
Khotso Pula Nala  *  Peace Rain Prosperity
Khristmas Karol with a K?
Khruschev? -- Tom Servo
Ki is an attitude, a frame of mind.
KiLlEr TaGlInEs FrOm HeLl!  Next on Oprah
Kibbles &amp; Bots - Joel
Kibbles and Bots! -- Joel Robinson
Kibbles and bits and bits and bits
Kibitzer - A person with an interferiority complex
Kick Any Ass To Continue!
Kick Fido, Naughty Fido, NO Supper for you!
Kick Theirs; Cover Yours; Kiss Mine!!!!
Kick a ball to run after it : ? Football
Kick ass now, take names later
Kick back and turn up the tunes.
Kick back your mind, relax, and float downstream
Kick butt now, take names later?
Kick cat for service.
Kick him Jim, he may be alive
Kick him in the nads! -Beavis
Kick his ass Lindros, then take his wallet!
Kick it down, Mamma jamma!
Kick it down, mamma jamma - Dr. Forrester
Kick it! Bite it! It's a SCHMOO!
Kick it--kick it out... - Heart
Kick me with a lead boot!  It's Virtual Tussle! - Freakazoid
Kick me! Beat me! Make me listen to Orville!
Kick me, beat me, make me use Windows!
Kick off your high-heel sneakers, it's party time. 
Kick off your shoes start losin' the blues
Kick save Parent!
Kick the darkness 'till it bleeds LIGHT!!!
Kick the habit. We can help. Call 1-800-TAG-LINE.
Kick the lawyers off the bar!  (That's where the girls dance!)
Kick your knees up, Step in time!
Kicked wide of the goal with such precision.
Kickers do it for extra points.
Kicking and screaming will the foolish be dragged into the 21 century?
Kicking around on a piece of ground in your home town -Pink Floyd
Kicking your computer doesn't hurt your enemy.
Kickoff Cover Guy:  Sado-masochist with a just a touch of insanity
Kid Eternity:  Too cool to live!
Kid looks like a reporter from the Catholic Digest - Tom
Kid's loyalty turns on a dime - Mike
Kid's turning into Frosty Malts - Crow on cryogenic pod
Kid's worship the darndest things
Kid, they sell uncut sheets so you can cut them yourself! &amp;lt;evil grin&amp;gt;
Kid, would I lie to you? - Aahz
Kid, would you be happier if I tore your throat out? - Aahz
Kid, you and I have got to talk...NOW! - Aahz
Kid: I won't go! * Crow: You won't be in the sequel!
Kid: I'm not picking my nose; I'm pointing to my brain
Kid: Wonder what it's like? * Crow: To be a fudgesicle?
Kid: a noise with dirt on it
Kidfusion - When a mom mumbles off kids names till she ge
Kidfusion: When mom mumbles off kids names till she gets the right one
Kidnap:  When a young person gets extra sleep.
Kidnapped  - By Caesar Quick
Kidnapping is just plain wrong! - The Tick to the Phony Aztecs
Kidnapping the moral high ground also serves to inflate liberal ranks
Kidney disease is a pisser!
Kids - Always a dissapointment!-Freddy Krueger
Kids - Can't live with them...Pass the condoms
Kids - They're not sleeping, they're recharging!
Kids - there has to be some penalty for sex.
Kids - they're not sleeping, they're recharging!
Kids 0-13 yrs are 3 times more likely to be beaten to death than shot
Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on
Kids are gonna do it.  Let's help them shoot safely!
Kids are great!  Breaded toddlers,  deep fried,  YUMMY!
Kids are great! Breaded toddlers, deep fried..Mmmm boy!-Janier
Kids are like farts... You can only stand your own.
Kids are like passing gas...you can only stand your own
Kids are people, too.  &amp;lt;So I've been told&amp;gt;
Kids come runnin' for the great taste of Orville Bullitt!
Kids come running for the great taste of Gamera! -- Tom Servo
Kids come running for the great taste of Sampo!
Kids come running for the rich taste of Gamera!
Kids don't sleep, they recharge
Kids dream they can fly. Adults dream they can fly first class.
Kids give us the opportunity to be the parents we wanted.
Kids got a lot of heart. Two of 'em in fact
Kids in the back seat cause accidents, and accidents in the back seat cause kids
Kids just suck the life right out of you.
Kids love the rich taste of titanium - Joel
Kids love the rich taste of titanium. - Joel Robinson
Kids need DADS not Visitors!
Kids need love the most when they're acting most unlovable
Kids seeing Batman Returns: Mommy, what's a dominatrix?
Kids throw their food on the floor, so they can graze later
Kids today have seen *everything*! -- Joel Robinson
Kids today, huh? - Fox Mulder
Kids want total control.  Hey, yo, leggo my eggo. - Q Unique
Kids who eat crayons download in Technicolor.
Kids won't step on the toes of parents who put their foot down.
Kids!  No weapons on the water bed! -- Tom Servo
Kids!  They're not sleeping, they're recharging!
Kids! (stomping off, waving cane angrily at seagulls...)
Kids! No weapons on the water bed! - Tom
Kids! The miracle of birth, the agony of crayon on the wall!
Kids" Common BBS talk: HAPRD; Had a perfectly rotten day
Kids(tm) A product of Humanity, Inc.  Intelligence not included.
Kids, Ya gotta love em, they're reflections of us!
Kids, be sure to come in when the sun goes down
Kids, don't gross me off ... "Adventures with MENTAL HYGIENE" can be carried too FAR!
Kids, don't try this at home--do it at school!!!
Kids, passing the rolls is not a football play.
Kids, the seven basic food groups are GUM, PUFF PASTRY, PIZZA, PESTICIDES, ANTIBIOTICS, NUTRA-SWEET and MILK DUDS!!
Kids, this should only be tried by professional idiots
Kids, you've tried your best - and failed. The lesson is: Never try!
Kids- They're not sleeping, they're recharging!
Kids.......need I say more?
Kids...you gotta love them, there's no resale value.
Kids: Figments of your masturbation.
Kids: God's way of saying that your house is too tidy.
Kids: Hug 'em at home, Belt 'em in the car.
Kids: Mother Nature's way of saying I love you to a mom
Kids: Nature's version of the pleasure tax!
Kids: They're not sleeping, they're recharging!
Kids: don't try this at home
Kids: find out what they want, then advise them to do it.
Kids?  Me?  Yeah.  They're in my aquarium. - Janeway
Kids?  Who said anything about kids?
Kierkegaard's Observation:  Life can only be understood&amp;lt;&amp;gt;backwards, but it must be lived forwards
Kiev is a Navy Cross waiting to happen!
Kiingons do not faint!  ... Worf
Kiki's Delivery Service: Letter Bombs to @TO@, 30% off
Kiki's Delivery Service: Letter Bombs to Orville Bullitt, 30% off.
Kiki's Delivery Service: Letter Bombs to Thomas Cheung, 30% off.
Kiki's delivery service:  Letter bombs to Carl Macek 30% off.
Kilgore Trout: "The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest."
Kill 'em Gamera! - Tom on bratty kids
Kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out!
Kill 'em all and let LUM sort them out!
Kill 'em all and let the DM sort 'em out!
Kill 'em all! Let the DM sort 'em out.
Kill 'em all, let Reno sort 'em out!" - Bill Clinton
Kill 'em all, let the DM sort 'em out.
Kill 'em all... let God sort 'em out.
Kill 1 person is murder - Killing 100,000 is Foreign Policy.
Kill Barney, the purple dork!
Kill Burns?  Don't be absurd...There'd be an inquiry. -- Col. Potter
Kill Gay Rights, not BABIES' Rights!
Kill Mary?  She's a risk.  And get the priest as well
Kill Mulder and you risk turning one man's religion into a crusade" - CM
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures
Kill Ugly Processor Architectures - Karl Lehenbauer
Kill Ugly Radio - Frank Zappa
Kill What You Can't Understand.
Kill Your Television!
Kill a Christmas tree for Jesus
Kill a baby so the father and mother won't have to be troubled.
Kill a commie for Christ!
Kill a commy for your mommy
Kill a lawyer before it mutates into a politician!
Kill a lawyer today-executem Pro bono.
Kill a lawyer, before it goes into politics!
Kill a lawyer, put spikes on the rear of an ambulance!
Kill all the Gods, let Man sort 'em out!
Kill all the extremists!
Kill all the lawyers! (but one).
Kill an owl, you're a criminal.  Kill a baby, you're an MD
Kill da wabbit... kill da wabbit... kill da wabbit
Kill da wabbitkill da wabbitkill da wabbit...
Kill de wabbit!  Kill de wabbit!  Kill de wabbit! - Elmer Fudd
Kill de wabbit!!!  Kill de wabbit!!!  --Elmer Fudd
Kill de wabbit!!!  Kill de wabbit!!!  Kill de wabbit!! - E. Fudd
Kill em all!  Let CNN sort it out!
Kill em all!  Let GOD sort em out!
Kill for the love of -- wait, we need a reason?
Kill for the love of killing!  Kill for the love of Kali!   -- Hindu saying
Kill her, that's all you have to do. 
Kill him a *lot*!
Kill him a lot.
Kill him.  Better yet, I'll kill him.  You push the button.
Kill him. Animate dead, then kill him again.
Kill him? I've been doing nothing else for an hour!
Kill it before it sucks the chrome off.
Kill it now! -- Worf
Kill it!  Kill it!  KILL IT!  ...wow... you killed it
Kill it, Captain! Quickly! - Spock
Kill just enough lawyers to make them humble.
Kill me - Londo
Kill me and you blow everyone's cover! Everyone! - Kalas
Kill me, Kill me!  Can I just remind you to kill me! Tom Servo
Kill me, and you blow everyone's cover!  Everyone. -- Kalas
Kill me, it's the only way. -every project manager to date
Kill me.  Ki-i-ill me-e-e... -- Tom Servo
Kill me. I'd do it myself, but I'm too damn old. - Grandpa [SP]
Kill me. Ki-i-ill me-e-e - Tom
Kill my boss? Do I dare live out the American dream? - Homer
Kill no more pigeons than you can eat. - Benjamin Franklin
Kill not Man for food unless we might perish.
Kill one man and you are a murderer. Kill millions and you are a conqueror. Kill everyone and you are God.	Anonimous
Kill one to warn a hundred. - Chinese Proverb
Kill one, frighten ten thousand
Kill the (fill in the blank)
Kill the BAG! Kill the BAG!! Kill the BAG!!! KILL the BAG!! &amp;lt;RFG&amp;gt;
Kill the Borg- give them Windows '95.
Kill the DM... no, SLOWLY kill the DM
Kill the Lawyers! - Smith &amp; Wesson are my law
Kill the Lawyers! - Smith &amp; Wesson are my law. &amp;lt;g&amp;gt;
Kill the Lawyers! a/k/a Let Anarchy Reign!
Kill the Wabbit!!!  -  Ozzy Fud
Kill the bird, destroy the man
Kill the bird, destroy the man. - Avery
Kill the cook!  Kill the cook!... -- everyone at the 4077th
Kill the extremists.
Kill the good!  Kill the good! - Dragnet
Kill the lawyers first.
Kill the lawyers first. Then any politicians that are left.
Kill the moneylenders
Kill the mortals!
Kill the wabbit!  Kill the wabbit!  Kill the wabbit!
Kill the wabbit!!!  Kill the wabbit!!!
Kill the writers &amp; directors -Crow on impending execution
Kill the writers and directors! -- Crow T. Robot
Kill them all and let God sort them out.
Kill them all!  .... Let God sort them out.
Kill them all!  God will know his own! -- Arnold
Kill them all!  Let the DM sort 'em out.
Kill them all--God will know his own!
Kill them all--let God sort them out
Kill them all..Let God sort them out! -Max Von Sydow in Needful Things
Kill this child, she's an abomination Rev. Mother Gais Mohiam DUNE
Kill two birds with one stone.  Feed the homeless to the hungry
Kill two birds with one stone?  What happend to shotguns?
Kill you?  I'm a bard.  I'll make you IMMORTAL, you bastard!
Kill yourself here, you can't kill them over there - Crow
Kill'em  All, Let Reno Sort em Out  --Bill C.
Kill'em All ... Let God Sort Them Out.
Kill, Akuta? We do not understand. Makora
Kill, kill, kill, kill you all! Hengist
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill him!
Kill-9,do NOT pass go,do NOT collect $200
Killed a lawyer, put spikes on the back of my ambulance!
Killed by a tether ball - Crow
Killed by a tether ball! -- Crow T. Robot
Killed by pirates is good. - Little boy
Killed his wife 'cause she weighs a ton! -- Al Bundy
Killed his wife 'cause she weighs a ton! Psycho Dad.. - Al
Killed the priest and cursed him endlessly!
Killeen, TX- Chalk up 24 more deaths due to gun control.
Killeen/Ft. Hood - A Pawn shop on every corner.
Killer Cows From The Moon ate My Child Says Mel Gibson
Killer Devoted Terminators From Pluto have bought shares in Manchester United Insists Mariah Carey
Killer Manic Depressive Kittens From Venus raped My Daughter Claims Mike Tyson
Killer Psychotic Ewoks From Neptune have constructed a secret base on the moon Insists Ronald Reagan
Killer Rabbit's Motto:  "Lettuce Prey."
Killer Religious Leopards From Mercury have become born again Christians Says Jerry Springer
Killer Shrew! Killer Shrew!  Kay-eye-double El-eee-are shrew!
Killer Shrew! Killer Shrew! - Tom &amp; Crow sing
Killer Shrew! Killer Shrew! K-I-Double L-E-R Shrew! -Bots
Killer Trek duet:  Spock on Vulcan harp, Scotty on bagpipes.
Killer on the road - Doors
Killer sentenced to die for second time in 10 years.
Killer whale spit take! - Crow
Killer whale spit take! -- Crow T. Robot
Killimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb
Killimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb. ƒ M. Python
Killing 1 person is murder,killing 100M is foreign policy
Killing By Chance, Loving by Choice,Killing by Profession... Rangers
Killing a Rubber Chicken should be a capitol crime.
Killing bugs is a dirty job !
Killing for peace is like whoring for virginity! (RM)
Killing for religion... Something I don't understand.
Killing hurts, has to be done, peace and love, who's number one?
Killing is my business, and business is good
Killing is stupid; useless!
Killing is stupid; useless! - McCoy
Killing is stupid; useless! -- McCoy, "A Private Little War"
Killing is wrong.
Killing is wrong.  -- Losira, "That Which Survives"
Killing man-bashing talk show hosts...on the final Oprah.
Killing me softly with Taglines, killing me softly
Killing never solves anything, but it keeps people out of your hair
Killing of attorneys with a vehicle is prohibited. If accidentally struck,
Killing of attorneys with a vehicle is prohibited. If accidentally struck, remove dead attorney to roadside and proceed to nearest car wash
Killing people is bad.Unless it's in self defense.But not if it's euthanizing someone in pain.Unless they're on death row.But not if it's a fetus.Except during war or if it's gay or Islam.Unless...
Killing people is wrong. Invoke the death penalty?
Killing people is wrong. Invoke the death penalty?
Killing time killing time
Killing time takes practice.
Killing time. Wasting space. Going through a phase
Killing turkeys causes winter
Killing you hardly
Killing you isn't funny, it's just expedient
Killing your clone is still murder.--Odo
Killing your own clone is still murder! - Odo
Killjoy was here
Kills software bugs dead
Kilo - What you could have spent your money on if you hadn't bough
Kilohertz: Mortal injuries.
Kilometer?  Why?  What did the meter ever do to me?
Kilometers are shorter than miles. Save gas -- take your next trip in  kilometers. --George Carlin
Kilp Clop Kilp Clop *BANG* Kilp Clop Kilp Clop-Amish drive by
Kilrathi S.O.S.:  Here kitty, kitty, kitty...here
Kilrathi believe always that war is psychological. - Hobbes
Kilrathi, Kzinti...  They're all furballs to me
Kilroe hic erat!
Kilroy is watching you !
Kilroy occupied these coordinates.
Kilroy occupied these spatial coordinates.
Kilroy was NOT here... He doesn't have a modem
Kilroy was here.  Where have I heard that before?
Kilroy was not here
Kilroy was...naw!
Kilroy...The world's greatest taglinologist.
Kilt, n. - What many Scotsmen wear, because sheep can hear zippers
Kilts, a fashion statement for San Francisco.
Kilts? In America we call them dresses!
Kim Campbell wants a big caucus!
Kim Campbell? Naw! Kim Mitchell for Prime Minister!
Kim of Borg: "They taught us about assimilating at the academy."
Kim to Janeway: Are we there yet?
Kim watches in amazement as Spock's ears sprout broccoli
Kim's mother called me just after he left Earth. Janeway
Kimagure Orange Road - where three hearts play a gentle melody
Kimchi and haggis:  Radical foods for radical people
Kime's Law for the Reward of Meekness: Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks
Kin, n.: An affliction of the blood
Kind Heart, n. - Something of little value in chess
Kind of a Mingus jazzy feel - Tom as horns blare
Kind of a girly thing to say, Joe. - Crow
Kind of a hastily assembled ruin... -- Crow T. Robot
Kind of a malpractice circus - Tom on emergency room
Kind of a malpractice circus... -- Tom Servo
Kind of creepy in an unwholesome and twisty way
Kind of drive? Either a hook or a slice.
Kind of gives you the "love bug" perspective.
Kind of like MANOS without the lucid plot -Frank on movie
Kind of like MANOS without the lucid plot... -- TV's Frank
Kind of like Tagline Test(Grin)
Kind of stupid game, isn't it ? - Calvin
Kind regards
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.  --Mother Teresa
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.  --Mother Teresa
Kind words canBshort&amp;easy2speak,but their echoesRtruly endless--Mother Teresa
Kinda New TV Truth: People on the news blink a lot.
Kinda depressing for just going through over 150 pages of 'Hell'.
Kinda got caught into it, didn't I? - Steve Bell
Kinda hard to be graceful when your stomping an eyeball
Kinda like a cloud I was up, way up in the sky - NIN
Kinda like with a genie, one has to be careful what one asks for.
Kinda short for a stormtrooper, aren't you..?
Kinda strange for him. Usually he plays elves - Mike
Kinda' gives "head" a whole new meaning, huh?
Kinda' grabs ya' by the po po, don't it? - Joel
Kinda' like DUNGkirk - Tom as people run along beach
Kinda' strange how liberated a keyboard will make you feel
Kindergarten Kop II  - By Bea Hayve
Kindergarten Kop II: Bea Hayve*
Kindergarten Rules: Be kind. Be safe. Be protective.
Kindergarten School	- Slide Rule
Kindly John and Sweet Lorena: America's Dysfunctional Couple.
Kindly practice acts of senseless randomness.
Kindly practice beautiful acts of senseless randomness!
Kindly present it to that monument in there. - 007 (O.H.M.S.S.)
Kindly refrain from using your imagination! - Odo
Kindly relocate to a theological area of eternal flames!
Kindly remove your hat, lady. - Rizzo to Klinger
Kindly report all stolen taglines to the Moderators.
Kindly use ALL of your fingers when you wave!
Kindly use all of your fingers when you wave. &amp;lt;sigh&amp;gt;
Kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve
Kindness is a language the dumb can speak and the deaf can understand
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read. -- Mark Twain
Kindness is like a boomerang - it always comes back
Kindness is like a boomerang, it always returns
Kindness is like a boomerang, it usually comes back.
Kindness is loving people more than they deserve
Kindness is loving people more than they deserve. -Joseph Joubert, moralist and essayist (1754-1824) 
Kindness is my true religion.  &amp;lt;HH The Dalai Lama&amp;gt;
Kindness is my true religion.  &amp;lt;HH The Dalai Lama&amp;gt;
Kindness is my true religion.  - 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet
Kindness is my true religion.  HH The Dalai Lama
Kindness is my true religion. &amp;lt;The 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet&amp;gt;
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty. -- Muad'dib [Frank Herbert, "Dune"]
Kindness is the oil that takes the friction out of life!
Kindness it like a boomarang - it always comes back
Kindness often gets things done more quickly than force
Kindness which is bestowed on the good is never lost. Plato
Kindness: Charity minus the money!
Kindred: The fear of relatives
Kinescope - used for locating family or 'kin'
Kinesthetics - A relationship towards relatives
King Arthur ran the first Knight club.
King Arthur said: Some days it all seems so feudal
King Death hath asses' ears. -- Beddoes
King Henry VIII and I have something in common...our waistlines.
King James:  A biblical hacker...  (Off with their heads...)
King Jeremy The Wicked ruled his world. --Pearl Jam
King Jeremy the wicked, ruled his world
King John: Can I have another surfeit of those lampreys?
King Kong died for you sins.
King Kong had a big banana.
King Louis was the King of France, before the revolushion.
King Orville is in the high desert.
King Roland to Lone Star
King Salamander -- that's his name.  A desert maker -- that's his aim.
King Vidor has a big lesson to learn. -- DeMill
King of Kings, and Lord of all the earth.
King of all the Holodeck!
King of kings and Lord of lords - Talkin' 'bout Jesus!
King of the Cats, eh?  Well, you're not _my_ king. - Sylvester to Lion
King takes queen, Pawn takes knight, Queen takes rook... GANG BANG!!!!
King's lead hat put the innocence inside her! - Brian Eno
Kingdom Hall blown to Kingdom come.  No witnesses!
Kingdom for sale...get yer Holy mansion right over here, folks!
Kingdom of Heaven University - Est. for His glory
Kings and Queens and guillotines... - Aerosmith
Kingsford cops light quicker - Tom as cop burns to death
Kingston Trio song up date...Send my email to:  jail@Tijuana.MEX.
Kinked slinky
Kinkler's First Law:  Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Kinkler's Second Law: All the easy problems have been solved.
Kinks use feathers, Perverts use the whole chicken.
Kinky : Using the whole duck
Kinky Ferengi Cmas Gift: Bajoran earring with Vibrator Attachment
Kinky Ferengi Xmas Gift: Bajoran earring with Vibrator
Kinky Kumputers RoboFX (305)Talk-2-Me
Kinky Sex - the Vinyl Frontier
Kinky assimilation techniques! Next on "Geraldo of Borg"
Kinky is a feather, perverted is the whole chicken
Kinky is a feather.. perverted is the whole bird
Kinky is a feather... Perverted is a whole chicken
Kinky is feathers...perverted is the whole chicken.
Kinky is using a feather, perverted is using the whole chicken.
Kinky pictures of SysOp for sale
Kinky sex is for those who can't handle normal sex.
Kinky uses a feather, perverted uses the whole chicken.
Kinky--Feathers. Perverted--Chickens.
Kinky:  Using a feather.  Perverted:  Using the chicken.
Kinky:  Using a feather.  Sick:  Using the whole chicken.
Kinky:  Using feathers.  Perverted:  Using whole chickens
Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
Kinky: Using a Feather. Perverted: Using the chicken!
Kinky: using feathers.  Perverted: using whole chickens.
Kinship:  it`s all relative!
Kintaro: Tony the tiger on Capn' Crunch
Kip'n!  The spillchicker kinna take this abuse!
Kipling for Premier Bard of the Victorian Age! Move for Acclamation!
Kira Barbie:  The doll with *attitude*!
Kira Narise! Kira Narise! KIRA NARISE! (or maybe Key'Lehr...)
Kira Nerys' favourite face cream? Odo of Olay.
Kira Nerys' favourite splash-on?  Eau d'Odo!
Kira and Anton when the bulkheads shook!
Kira and Bareil kiss and make our day!
Kira and Bareil when the station shook. Tamarian romance novel.
Kira and Bashir are an item...watch this space!
Kira gets assimilated: Bajoran Borg.
Kira gets the bed, I'll take the couch, Odo can have the sink.
Kira is a babe. Dax is a babe. Babes don't need perfume. -Maureen G
Kira just needs a good hug.  &amp;lt;*WHAM*&amp;gt;  Then again, maybe not
Kira just needs a good hug.  Then again, maybe not.
Kira looked at the PADD &amp; it said in large friendly letters,DONT PANIC
Kira loves this Vedek guy-- I'll say he's a PATHETIC guy! --VBSP/FAB
Kira of Borg.  Now there's a terrifying thought
Kira of the Borg.  Now there's a scary thought.
Kira sang,"One of these days these boots are gonna walk all over you!"
Kira scared of a Klingon with a Bat'leth? - Nah, she just shoots 'em!
Kira shouted, "Get away from me!  I said grab THE Orbs, not MY orbs!"
Kira still refuses to wear a Starfleet propeller-beanie
Kira teaches Sex Ed, "I Said: Put It On NOW!
Kira to Ops, Lower Pylon 1 is gone! - Kira
Kira tried to tear my head off! - Quark
Kira was a rotten finger-painter, but she's great with a phaser!
Kira was embarrassed when I found her taking holosuite dancing lessons
Kira wiped the Intendants tears away and said, "Nerys..I'll help you."
Kira! I heard phaser fire! Odo
Kira's Kisses Crack Cool Constable's Composure--next DS9!
Kira's Kisses Crack Cool Constable's Composure--the lost DS9 episode!
Kira's hair:  THE 'DO MUST DIE!  - Anna Steven
Kira's moved against us!  She has Dax on her side! - Sisko
Kira's too brave to do something wussy like that...  &amp;lt;grin&amp;gt;  - Anna
Kira, Ro, and Sito. A MasterBajor fantasy?  :Æ)
Kira, her eyes weeping. Dex, his arms comforting.
Kira, her towel open wide.  Qwark, his chin on the floor.
Kira, her towel open.  Quark, his jaw dislocated.
Kira, her towel open. Dex, his jaws dislocated
Kira, hold still!  There's a bug on your face!  THAWCK!  Uh-oh
Kira, how many people did you kill? - Jadzia Dax
Kira, when Quark goosed her.
Kira... do not go away....  :-)
Kira/Dax '96 - Leadership with an attitude!
Kira: "Do you like my hairstyle"    Tinkerbell: "I love it!"
Kira: "I feel I owe you an apolgy."     Sisko: "For attempted mutiny?"
Kira: "Like my new Orb? It gets cable!"
Kira: @FN@, you don't have to speak _that_ close into my commbadge
Kira: Mr @LN@ wwill you sstop polishing mmmy commbadge?!
Kira: Mr Armstrong wwill you sstop polishing mmmy commbadge?!
Kira: Mr Gormley wwill you sstop polishing mmmy commbadge?!
Kira: Peter, you don't have to speak _that_ close into my commbadge
KiraDOS v6.22: (A)bort (R)etry (B)eat the Crap Out of It
Kirby's Comment on Committee:  A committee is the only life form&amp;lt;&amp;gt;with 12 stomachs and no brain
Kirbyill find eternal torment being digested in Kutula's infernal gut
Kirk -"Bones! It's Ensign Clampett!"  McCoy -"He's Jed, Jim."
Kirk -"Bones! It's Ensign Flintstone!"  McCoy -"He's Fred, Jim."
Kirk -"Bones! It's Ensign Futon!"  McCoy -"She's bed, Jim."
Kirk -"Bones! It's Ensign Kennedy!"  McCoy -"He's Ted, Jim."
Kirk -"Bones! It's Ensign Pillsbury!"  McCoy -"He's bread, Jim."
Kirk -- Darn it Scotty! Beam up the rest of me!
Kirk Taglines (Captain)
Kirk beat a Vulcan at chess.  Regularly.  Remember that.
Kirk can beat a Vulcan at chess
Kirk can beat up a Klingon bare-handed
Kirk could beat a Vulcan at chess.
Kirk does S&amp;M: "Beat me up, Scotty."
Kirk doesn't let the doctor tell him what to do
Kirk doesn't test the engines -- he just fires them up
Kirk doing S&amp;M:  "Beat me up, Scotty."
Kirk emphasizes his orations with pertinent hand gestures
Kirk has 3 ears: left, right and a final front ear!
Kirk has a cool phaser - not some pansy Braun mix-master
Kirk having a bad day "..Sure you can come Kes.....Oh ? ..him too."
Kirk is my captain, I shall not want
Kirk is not politically correct
Kirk is not put off by green skin.
Kirk knows 20th century curses
Kirk knows how to deal with peace loving hippie goofs
Kirk liked a good belt of liquor every now and again
Kirk made do with obviously low performance technology
Kirk never drinks tea. Ever
Kirk never hired an engineer with punk glasses.
Kirk never leaves the room to bawl someone out.
Kirk never met a female alien he didn't like either!
Kirk never once said "Abandon ship -- ALL HANDS ABANDON SHIP!"
Kirk never once stood up and straightended his shirt
Kirk never pretends to be a barber to gain a tactical advantage.
Kirk never really got into that kinky JUMPSUIT look.
Kirk never went anywhere without a whole bunch of guys in red shirts.
Kirk never wore green tights and frolicked in Sherwood Forest.
Kirk once fought a Greek god.  And won.  Remember that.
Kirk once fought a greek god. And won.
Kirk said: May fortune favor the foolish.
Kirk says "Prime Directive?  What Prime Directive?"
Kirk says "Shoot first and wait for retaliation."
Kirk showed Uhura the captain's log - it wasn't his diary.
Kirk speaking with Bridge Bunnies in SDF-1 Vs. Enterprise scenerio
Kirk the impulse, Spock the logic &amp; McCoy the modulation
Kirk to Chekov:  The floor is no place for an officer.
Kirk to ENTERPRISE: did you get that FAX I sent you?
Kirk to Enterprise - beam down Yeoman Rand and a six-pack
Kirk to Enterprise - come in Enterprise!  Damn!  It's busy!
Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down Yeoman Rand and a six-pack
Kirk to Enterprise Hello, this is the Enterprise answering machine
Kirk to Enterprise!  KIRK TO ENTERPRISE!  Damn, it's busy
Kirk to Enterprise! "Hello, this is the Enterprise answering machine."
Kirk to Enterprise! @$&amp;!# Engaged!
Kirk to Enterprise! KIRK TO ENTERPRISE! Damn, it's busy..
Kirk to Enterprise, Beam down four lagers, one Guinness
Kirk to Enterprise, Kirk to Enterprise! DARN,It's BUSY!
Kirk to Enterprise, Kirk to Enterprise! Damn! It's
Kirk to Enterprise, Kirk to Enterprise! Sh*t! Engaged!
Kirk to Enterprise, Red Alert, Red@$#%^........NO CARRIER
Kirk to Enterprise.  Beam down any yoeman and a bottle
Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Enterprise! Doggone it! It's BUSY!
Kirk to Enterprise. Very funny, Scotty.  Now beam down my clothes!
Kirk to Enterprise......hahahahahahahahaha! - Kirk
Kirk to Enterprise...Kirk to Enterprise...Damn! It's busy
Kirk to Enterprize - "Beam down Yeoman Rand and a six-pack."
Kirk to Picard.  Where do you get a drink around here?
Kirk to Picard:  "Did we do it? Did we make a difference?"
Kirk was NEVER infiltrated by the Borg and used against the Federation
Kirk would date Beverly Crusher -- and Damn the consequences!
Kirk would never let his chief of security wear a ponytail.
Kirk would never waste a holodeck on something stupid like Dixon Hill.
Kirk would personally throw Wesley off the bridge.
Kirk! Don't do this to me! It's unhuman! Mudd
Kirk! The Cabinet itself? Moreau-2
Kirk's Motto: If you can bang it, it ain't dead!
Kirk's bedroom is a passion pit with electric sheets.
Kirk's bridge is not beige.
Kirk's eulogies can actually make you cry.
Kirk's fatal typo--Beat me up, Scotty!
Kirk's first officer NEVER tells hime to stay on the bridge.
Kirk's girlfriends always look good in soft light.
Kirk's into S&amp;M : "Beat me up, Scotty !"
Kirk's logic: If something doesn't speak English -- it's toast.
Kirk's love - it's lethal. The Klingons were safer when he hated them
Kirk's name is hated throughout the galaxy.
Kirk's not dead... he's just on hiatus!
Kirk's son would never drop out to become a musician.
Kirk, Bridge here
Kirk, Janeway, &amp; Sisko : The Good, The Bad, &amp; The Ugly.
Kirk, Spock, McCoy and this is, er... was Ensign @LN@
Kirk, Spock, Mccoy and this is..Was Ensign X
Kirk, is that a Tribble on your head or a new toupee? -Spock
Kirk, my old friend... WELCOME TO FANTASY ISLAND!! &amp;lt;cut!&amp;gt;
Kirk, when the pants drop
Kirk. It's Jim Kirk. Decker
Kirk:  "Set phasers on caress."
Kirk:  Bones!  It's Ensign Pb!  McCoy:  He's lead, Jim
Kirk: "Bones!  It's Ensign Horse."       McCoy: "He's Ed, Jim."
Kirk: "Bones!  It's Ensign Vacation."    McCoy: "He's Med, Jim."
Kirk: "I hear Rick Kipfer is nutty as a fruitcake."
Kirk: "It's Ensign Pencil!"       Bones: "He's Lead, Jim!."
Kirk: "Scotty, we must be in .... Look at all the fertilizer."
Kirk: "Set phasers on 'goose'."
Kirk: "What were those symptoms?"   Spock:"Not violent at this stage."
Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock?
Kirk: Bones! It's Ensign Clampett!  McCoy: He's Jed, Jim!
Kirk: He's in a wee bit of a snit, isn't he?
Kirk: I am a Vulcan.  I have no ego to bruise.
Kirk: It's Ensign Rasta!  Bones: He's dread, Jim.
Kirk: Mr. Sulu, FIRE the S&amp;W MAGNUM Phasers!
Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two
Kirk: Oh no!  Ensign Pillsbury!  Bones: He's bread Jim!
Kirk: Set phasers on caress.
Kirk: You're as much a prisoner in time as I am.
Kirk:"I've saved the earth, twice, what have you done?"
Kirk:- "Beam me up Scotty". Scotty:- "Arrrrrrrrrrrrrrr"
KirkVirus found: Command.Com argued down
Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through any of its streets
Kirstie Alley has FahrvergnÅgen!
Kisa pada, trava raste, ja je susim, pa je pusim
Kiss
Kiss : Prince
Kiss : Prince
Kiss My Tax!
Kiss a Kat - you might like it
Kiss a Klingon girl today !
Kiss a Klingon today !
Kiss a cat - you might like it.
Kiss a frog, just in case
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference
Kiss a pig, hug a swine. Some of them are good friends of mine.
Kiss and Say Goodbye
Kiss and make up! - Ace Ventura, Pet Detective
Kiss her where it smells!  Take her to Jersey! - G. Carlin
Kiss her! C'mon, Arthur! - The Tick
Kiss me - I'm a Troll!
Kiss me - I'm not Irish, but don't let that stop you
Kiss me about my middle name; I'm an aardvark!
Kiss me again, rekiss me and kiss me. - Nick Cave
Kiss me and show no mercy!
Kiss me by the matte painting  - Joel
Kiss me by the matte painting. -- Joel Robinson
Kiss me twice - I'm schizophrenic.
Kiss me twice, we're schizophrenic.
Kiss me twice.  I'm schizophrenic.
Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic Aren't we?
Kiss me twice. I'm schizophrenic.
Kiss me, I carry a job interview!
Kiss me, I just ate a dead moose! Don't worry, I got the Signal! Come on; Kiss me!
Kiss me, I'm a Redneck
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday. -- William Shakespeare, "The Taming of the Shrew"
Kiss me, and I'll break your arm. - Garibaldi
Kiss me, but reality has no fleas
Kiss me, son of God --TMBG
Kiss me. - Kirk
Kiss my ASCII
Kiss my ASCII!  I'm getting ANSI!
Kiss my ASCII.
Kiss my Wookiee! - Han Solo
Kiss my ass/Janet Reno/The IRS/The United Nations/Sarah Brady  Nugent
Kiss my big white Sinbad butt!  I won! -- Crow T. Robot
Kiss my big white Sinbad butt, I won! - Crow
Kiss my broadaxe
Kiss my clown feet that I haven't killed you -Holo Clown
Kiss my cotton-tail! -- Mr. Floppy
Kiss my dysfunctional butt, mother! - Tom
Kiss my pinky ring, Torme! - Tom as Contino during race
Kiss my ring, creep! - RoboPope
Kiss my shamrocks!
Kiss my uh- Mike as guy points behind himself
Kiss my uh... -- Mike Nelson
Kiss my white Scottish arse - Tom
Kiss my white Scottish arse... -- Tom Servo
Kiss the SysOp... or threaten her!  :-}
Kiss the bird! KISS IT!!! - Crow
Kiss the bird, Dick! - Joel
Kiss them for me.  Siouxsie
Kiss you so hard, I'll take your breath away - Sarah McLachlan
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Kiss: A pleasant reminder that 2 heads are better than 1
Kissed by the muse and then kicked in the ass
Kisses are love's messengers
Kisses like black roses
Kisses smooth as razors
Kisses, like a spider's web, lead to a fly's undoing
KissimmeE-FL--A-ReaL-MickY-MousE-TowN-Æ
Kissin cousins
Kissin' cousins, like mistletoe in tree, weakens branches.
Kissing  --  A means of getting two people so close together that they can't see anything wrong with each other.
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle
Kissing a man without a moustache is like eating an egg w
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ash tray !
Kissing an ashtray is like licking a smoker
Kissing cousins are like mistletoe in the family tree.
Kissing don't last, cookery do. -- George Meredith
Kissing girls is a goodness.  It beats hell out of card games
Kissing girls is a goodness. It beats the hell out of car
Kissing may be the language of love but money still does the talking.
Kissing may not spread germs, but they certainly lower resistance. - Louise Erickson
Kissing the moderator is ALWAYS on topic! - Dex
Kissing you would be like kissing some divine ashtray.. - Sideshow Bob
Kissing your grandmother &amp; having her slip you the tongue
Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and sapphire bracelet lasts for ever. -- Anita Loos, "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"
Kissing' don't keep 'em:  cooking' do.
Kissing:  Putting your honey where your mouth is.
Kissy kissy huggy smoochy BLECCCCH !
Kissy!  Not Quite the right name!
Kitana: A stupid little "fan-girl"
Kitchen activity is highlighted.  Butter up a friend
Kite fliers keep it up longer.
Kites rise highest against the wind -- not with it. -- Winston Churchill
Kitfox and a fishing pole.  It don't get any better.
Kitman's Law:  Pure drivel tends to drive away ordinary drivel.
Kitman's Law:  Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the&amp;lt;&amp;gt;TV screen
Kitman's Law: Pure drivel tends to drive away ordinary dr
Kitten - The little cute form of pre-stubborness.
Kitten with a Whip: "Puppy with a nunchuck." Mike
Kitten: the cute form of pre-stubborness.
Kittens are cats with extra springs
Kittens are like strings. Every yo-yo wants one. - Garfield
Kittens become cats, but they never grow up!  Aren't you glad?
Kittens do it with pounce.
Kittens to good home- cute, loveable, good eating!
Kittens:  Happy lawnmower sounds in a ball of fluff.
Kittie heaven is mousie hell!!
Kitty + BBS = Paranoid User!
Kitty -Q!, Kitty -Q! Don't hog all the A -1 with catnip!!
Kitty Cat Use #126: Torch when soaked in fuel oil
Kitty Cat Use #236: Wind Sock at Kennedey Airport
Kitty Cat Use #236: Wind Sock at Mascot Airport
Kitty Cat Use #772: Shish -ka -kitty at picnics
Kitty Cats ... The Purrs of Life!
Kitty Cats: Furry, peaceful emotion raisers.
Kitty Kat Use #236: Wind Sock at Mascot Airport.
Kitty Kelley was here, asking questions about you
Kitty Litter material: Printmaster Gold
Kitty Litter: Thowing cats out a car window
Kitty Wells = where cats go to drink
Kitty kitty where are my babies, come to mama... vittles
Kitty litter: Throwing the cat out the window.
Kitty porn: Dial 1 -900 -976 -CATS for a purrfectly meowvelous time!
Kitty power! - Reeny
Kitty, Kitty. Here, Kitty. Let's see if your aeordynamic
Kitty, give me that mou...&amp;lt;slurp&amp;gt;....nevermind!!!
Kitty, give me that mou.......nevermind!!!
Kix are for trids.
Kizzz mi AZZzzzzz!
Klaatu Barada Nicotine!!!
Klaatu Berata Necktie!
Klaatu Boroda Niktu!
Klaatu Verata ....Necktie?
Klaatu barada nikto.
Klaatu barada niktu-Gort,Ive fallen and I cant get up
Klaatu!  Barada nicto!
Klaatu! Barada Nicto! = Beam me up Scotty!
Klaatu, Barada, Necktie!   Oops
Klaatu, Barada, Nicotine. ( get me some smokes )
Klaatu, Boroda, Niktu!
Klaatu, Virada Nicto!
Klaatu, veratta, necktie
Klaatu... Beratis... Necktie... Nectar...  Nickel? -- Ash
Klaatu...Beratis... &amp;lt;cough&amp;gt;&amp;lt;cough&amp;gt;&amp;lt;hack&amp;gt; -- Ash
Klacha, never trust a dog with orange eyebrows.
Klairol for Klingons, because today is a good day to dye!
Klairol for Klingons... after all, it is a good day to dye!
Klansman, n. - A White Muslin
Klansperson, n. - A racist who is not sexist
Klatu barada nikto
Klatu! Varada Nicto! ==== Getum Big Fellow!!
Klatu! Verata! Nughgouhnugh! . . . I said the words! Really! - Ash
Klatu...Verata...&amp;lt;cough&amp;gt;&amp;lt;cough&amp;gt;&amp;lt;hack&amp;gt; - Ash
Klatu...Verata...Necktie...Nectar... Nickel? - Ash
Klatuu Berata Nicto!
Klausen Kosher ladies - Crow
Klaxonnez si vous suivez des Hell-Angels
Kleeneness is next to Godelness
Kleenex BBS -=- Ohmigod! He's gonna BLOW!
Kleenex Von Trapp:  The Sound of Mucous
Kleenexorcism: "Devil, I SNEEZE you out of him!"
Klein bottle for rent - inquire within.
Kleptomania...  Isn't there something that you can take for it?
Kleptomania: Crime, sickness, or a hobby gone too far?
Kleptomania: take something for it
Kleptomaniac, n.: A rich thief.
Kleptomaniac, n.: A rich thief.  -- Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"
Kleptomaniac:  A rich thief
Kleptomaniac: One who can't help himself from helping himself
Kleptomaniacs should take something for it
Kleptoreceptors - The plastic cage on cassettes at music stores.
Kleptotaglinitis : Tagline Thief Disease, no known cure
Kliban's First Law of Dining: Never eat anything bigger than your head
KlinDOS De' vItu'be': Da(b)up Da(n)ejqa' Da(l)uj
KlinDOS De' vItu'be': bI(b)up bI(n)ejqa' bI(l)uj
KlinDOS:  Dishonorable command or filename.  Challenge it (Y/N)?
KlinDOS: *.* vIteq'a'  (H)ISlaqH (gh)obe' (j)Ibup
KlinDOS: Dishonorable command or filename. Challenge it (Y/N)?
KlinDOS: Strike any user to continue
KlinDOS:*.* (H)ISlaqH(gh)obe'(j)Ibup (Remove *.*? (Y)es (N)o (Q)uit)
KlinDOS:*.*vIteq'a'(H)ISlaqH(gh)obe'(j)Ibup (Remove *.*? (Y)es (N)o
KlinNet - new Star Trek network coming to a bbs near you
Kline don't touch that. Don't take off your clothes -Mike
Kline, wait in the car - Crow
Kline, wait in the hoary netherworld - Crow
Kline, wait with the corpse - Crow
Kling Kong was here!
Kling-on bastard killed my son, do-dah, do-dah
KlingDOS 5.0: De' vItu'be': yI(b)up yI(n)ejqa' yI(l)uj?
Klingon Adaptaion of Earth Sport:  Full-contact golf.
Klingon Apology:  A good right hook.
Klingon Bastard killed my son, do dah, do dah.
Klingon Battle Cruisers Uncloaking....or is it Odo?
Klingon Buddhists introduce others to Nirvana.
Klingon Burger:     (The top bun is all moldy.)
Klingon Chef sez: It's a good day to dine.
Klingon Cricket : Where you never want to take a hatrick!
Klingon Croquet, which has one winner and no other survivors.
Klingon DOS 6.0- DEL.COM; ERASE.COM; WIPE.COM; TRASH.EXE; BURN.BAT;
Klingon DOS Prompt:  Strike and user to continue.
Klingon DOS prompt&amp;gt; Strike @N@ when ready
Klingon DOS:  That command or file name has no *honor*!
Klingon DOS: That command or file name has no HONOUR!
Klingon Date Central.  Life Insurance at Premium Rates.
Klingon Empire: Where Klingons are Klingons and Pakleds are nervous.
Klingon Lie #1: We're only here for scientific reasons!
Klingon Marines, When it absolutely has to be blown up overnight!
Klingon PMS:  The Punch My Spouse syndrome.
Klingon Philosophy - Do unto others (Period!)
Klingon Porno Flick:  A *good* kung-fu movie
Klingon Porno Flick:  A _good_ martial arts movie.
Klingon Porno flick - A *GOOD* kung-fu movie.
Klingon Prayer.... "Let us prey...."
Klingon Prime Directive:  If it moves, shoot it
Klingon Prime Directive: Shoot it!
Klingon Prompt:  Strike any user when ready.
Klingon Proverb: Revenge is a dish best served cold
Klingon RX:  Take two Trebles and call me in the morning
Klingon Recipe echo??????????
Klingon Rights, Parasites, New Heights, Phaser Fights
Klingon RoA #27: Money corrupts.  Kill your rich business associates.
Klingon Rx - Take two Tribbles and call me in the morning
Klingon Safe Sex:  NO BLADED WEAPONS!
Klingon Standup Comic:   "LAUGH!  NOW!!!"
Klingon Tagline:  Strike any user when ready.
Klingon Talkshows include "O'Prah" and "D'nahue"
Klingon Thanksgiving Grace:  "Let us prey..."
Klingon Warbird decloaking and firing taglines........RED ALERT!
Klingon adaptation of Earth sport:  Full-contact golf.
Klingon adaption of earth-sport: Full Contact Golf
Klingon bastard killed my son, doo dah, doo dah
Klingon blood - 90%  adrenalin, 6% caffiene, 4% sugar
Klingon blood is 90% Adrenaline, 6% Bile and 4% Caffeine.
Klingon blood is 90% adrenalin, 6% caffein, and 4% sugar
Klingon burgers: You get it our way, and LIKE it!
Klingon children are often difficult to control. - Worf
Klingon computer command:  "Strike any user when ready."
Klingon computer prompt:  Strike any user when ready.
Klingon is spoken - drink!
Klingon justice is a unique point of view - Sarek
Klingon males do not roar.  The females roar -- Worf
Klingon means never having to say "please"
Klingon men read love poetry... and duck a lot.   Worf
Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!!
Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!! 100% Damage to life support!!!!
Klingon philosophy - Do unto others, but do it with honor.
Klingon philosophy: Do unto others.  (Period!)
Klingon porno movie: Any *good* kung-fu movie
Klingon prime directive: Kill it.
Klingon prompt : Strike any user when ready
Klingon society for the prevention of cruelty to Tribbles........NOT!
Klingon society for the promotion of cruelty to Tribbles.
Klingon son!  You killed my bastard!  No -- CUT!  Bill
Klingon son! You killer my bastard! Wait! I mean...  -Kirk
Klingon son, you killed my bastard!
Klingon son, you killed my bastard...oops, I meant
Klingon sons! You killed my bastard! No, wait
Klingon sons, you killed my bastard!  Oops... [*] CUT!
Klingon sons, you killed my bastard! no, waitaminute
Klingon stand-up comic: "LAUGH!  NOW!!!"
Klingon suntan? No, I stayed too close to a fire waiting for a vision
Klingon tagline sighted, Sir.
Klingon tagline: Strike any user when ready.
Klingon torture device: 5,000 tribbles and one chocolate bar.
Klingon vessel uncloaking....or is it Odo?
Klingon women don't get hot flashes, they get ***POWER*** surges!
Klingon!  I should have said Klingon! - Q
Klingon/Betazoid woman:  A bitch that knows everything.
Klingon/Cardassian hybrid: A Kardigon.
Klingon: I do not deserve to live. [*] Kirk: Fine, I'll kill you later.
Klingon: You said you would kill me. [*] Kirk: I lied.
KlingonDOS error:  Command or filename without honor
KlingonDOS: Insert Disk--Strike Any User When Ready.
KlingonDOS: Insert a disk and strike any user when ready.
Klingonandon - A person who never misses a 'Star Trek' convention
Klingons DON'T knick off, Captain!
Klingons Do It With Honor
Klingons On Broadway:  "Fiddler On The Worf"
Klingons actually SMILE when they pull out their nasal hairs!
Klingons and Binars and Borg, oh my!
Klingons and Romulans and Borg, OH MY!
Klingons and Romulans are enemies. Worf
Klingons appreciate strong women -- Worf
Klingons are great if you are into masacism.
Klingons are not merry men or women, but we are even-tempered.
Klingons choose their friends very carefully - Guinan
Klingons choose their friends with great care. - Picard
Klingons do *not* read taglines!
Klingons do NOT allow themselves to be... probed.
Klingons do NOT celebrate Valentine's Day!
Klingons do NOT kid!
Klingons do NOT procrastinate!  It is a...TACTICAL delay! -- Worf
Klingons do NOT procrastinate; it is a tatical delay
Klingons do NOT read taglines!
Klingons do NOT sweat! They perspire with honor!
Klingons do NOT whistle while they work!
Klingons do it disruptively.
Klingons do it with a vengence.
Klingons do not PLAY with toys.  We EAT them.
Klingons do not allow themselves to be. . . assimilated
Klingons do not eat meals...we infect foodstuffs.
Klingons do not faint -- Worf
Klingons do not hunt because they need food. - Worf
Klingons do not play with toys; they *eat* them.
Klingons do not pursue relationships.  They conquer them.  -  Worf
Klingons do not surrender their weapons! - Lursa
Klingons do not walk their dogs...we drag them.
Klingons do not woo their mates...they conquer them. - Worf.
Klingons don't eat quiche unless they also eat the pan
Klingons evolved from seals.  Want proof?  "Worf!  Worf!"
Klingons from _all_ over the Empire will flock to my banner.-Kahless
Klingons have Built in bottle openers!
Klingons have Ridges
Klingons have an odd sense of style, don't you agree?
Klingons have rrrrrrridges!
Klingons make threats as a matter of course. - Beverly
Klingons need love too!  Messy but true!
Klingons never bluff -- Worf
Klingons never bluff!  ...Worf - The Emissary
Klingons off the port bow
Klingons on the starboard bow! Scotty, scrape them off!
Klingons on the starboard bow,starboard bow,starboard bow
Klingons only fart in airlocks.
Klingons should not own glass furniture.
Klingons sure act like a testosterone-drenched species.
Klingons who have no honor...on the next Geraldo
Klingons, Romulans, and Borg, Oh My!
Klingons, and Binars, and Borg, oh my!
Klingons, when cloaked properly, are invisible.
Klingons--the Harley riders of the universe
Klingons... The Bikers of the Universe
Klingons:  testosterone overload?
Klingons: The Harley Riders of the Universe
KlingonsThe Bikers of the Universe...
Klinton Health Plan: "Womb to the Tomb!"
Klinton's Navy: Where Chiefs mess with their seamen.
Klinton's Outcome-Based Socialism: No Brain, No Pain
Klinton/Gore crossed with Jan and Dean: Serf City!
Klintone bombarduj!!!
Klipstein's Lament: All warranty and guarantee clauses are voided by payment of the invoice
Klipstein's Law: Tolerances will accumulate unidirectionally toward maximum difficulty of assembly
Klipstein's Law: Tolerances will accumulate unidirectionally toward maximum difficulty of assembly. Interchangeable parts won't
Klipstein's Observation:  Any product cut to length will be too short.
Klitoralan kolekcionar masturbira bebu na raznju
Kllllingons have Rrrridges.
Klllllingons have rrrrrrrrrridges.
Klondyke:  A Lesbian Eskimo
Klone Expansion: Plug and /PRAY!/
Kludge: (v., adj., or n.) to fix a program in the usual way.
Knagg's Law:  The more grandiose the plan, the greater the chance&amp;lt;&amp;gt;for failure
Knapsack:  A sleeping bag.
Knavery and flattery are blood relations.	 Abraham Lincoln
Knebel's Knews:  Smoking is the leading cause of statistics
Knebel's Law: It is now proved beyond doubt that smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics
Knee deep in a Freudian quagmire
Knee deep in garbage - Crow
Knee deep in the DNA pool.
Kneel and deliver! - Giamo Casanunda
Kneel before Kamek, Tee, hee, hee, hee! - Kamek
Kneel. You are in the presence of Greatness......good boy!
Kneel. Your are in the presence of Greatness.
Knees buckle? Belt won't? Then you know you're old.
Knick knack, patty bone, give the dog a whack
Knife, schmife!  I want a Swiss Army CHAINSAW!!
Knight Sabers Baseball! --Beavis and Butthead as Boomers.
Knight Sabers, Sanjuu!
Knight Sabers.. Sanjou!
Knight of Wands, Sir Ion
Knight's Law: Life is what happens to you while you are making other plans
Knights and Ladies of the Yellow Dog. --Mystic Alliance.
Knights are hardly worth it.  I mean, all that shell and so little meat
Knights do it in the daytime
Knights errant spend their nights erring.
Knights in ladies' service have no free will.
Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home.  Let us ride...to CAMELOT!
Knights-Champions of the Domestic Dog.
Knishes!  Get your Old West kinishes! -- Mike Nelson
Knishes. Get your Old West kinishes! - Mike
Knit another furrow for my brow Mum, the tension's gaining.
Knitting gives women something to think about while they talk.
Knitting with only one needle.
Knive don't kill people -- football players kill people
Knjiga je covekov najbolji prijatelj.
Knock 'im down, John!
Knock Knock *| * "Who is it?"   -- Tribble blind date
Knock Pearljam - The Googooplex Names of Tom Servo!
Knock firm but softly.  I like soft firm knockers.
Knock hard here      for new monitor
Knock hard here -&amp;gt; [    ] for a new monitor
Knock it off, Baryshnikov!  He's getting away! - Daffy to Fudd
Knock it off, gnat-brain! - Hawkeye to Frank
Knock it off, nitwits! -- Dr. Forrester
Knock it off, will you?  You're waking up the war. -- Hawkeye
Knock it off, you bald boob! - Bart to Homer
Knock knock .. Who's there? .. Recursion .. Recursion who? .. Knock knock
Knock knock! Who's there? OJ! OJ who? Oh, a potential juror!
Knock knock--who's there?--Land shark--oh, All, you silly gNO CARRIER
Knock knock. Who's there? Helen. Helen who? Hell and high water
Knock on the sky and listen to the sound!  - Zen saying
Knock on wood
Knock on wood, it hasn't happen la
Knock soft but firmly; I like soft firm knockers
Knock soft, yet firmly.  I like soft, firm knockers.
Knock softly, yet firmly. I love firm, soft knockers
Knock! Knock!  (Who's there?)  Doctor.  (Doctor Who?)  Who told you?!?
Knock! Knock. Who's there ? Scully !, Show me you badge Honey! S.I.C
Knock, Knock - Who's There? - O.J. - OJ who? - OK, You're on the Jury!
Knock, Knock, Who is there?
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Adam. Adam who? Adam fly is in my soup
Knock, Knock. Who's there? Bay Bay who? Bay be face, you've got the cutest little baby face
Knock, and the door shall be slammed in your face.
Knock, knock, "Avon calling..." - Death
Knock, knock, "Avon calling..." - Death
Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door
Knock, knock. Sheridan Who's there? --Ivanova.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Anne. Anne Who? Anne apple just fell on my heAd
Knock, knock. Who's there? Brokaw. Brokaw who? Brokaw my arm and two ribs
Knock, knock. Who's there? Jacquetta. Jacquetta who? Jack ate a sour apple and had tummy-ache
Knock, knock. Who's there? Kosh. Kosh who? Guzentite.
Knock, knock. Who's there? Summertime. Summertime who? Summertime you can be a big pain in the neck
Knock-Knock, Q's There? Q learns about ancient humam riddles.
Knock-Knock. Who's there? Babylon. Babylon who? Babylon--I'm not listening anyway
Knock-knock. Who's there? Kismet. Kismet who? Kismet once, and kiss me twice, and kiss me once again
Knock-knock. Who's there? Mandy. Mandy who? Mandy battle stations!
KnockKnock. WhosThere? Euroa. EuroaWho? EuroaDaBoat,ICatchaDaFish.
Knocked; You weren't in.        -- Opportunity
Knockin' me out with those American thighs. - Guess Who
Knocking Boots in a very safe way. Use latex or die!
Knolege is powef, Speling is unimportnt. - Pete W. De Bonte
Know GOD and Know Peace.  No GOD and No Peace.
Know God - know Peace! * * * * No God -  no Peace!
Know God, know fear.  No God, no fear.
Know God, know peace -- No God, no peace!
Know God....... No Peace, No God....... Know Peace
Know God...No peace.  No God...Know peace.
Know Jesus = Know Peace; No Jesus = No Peace
Know Jesus know peace, no Jesus no peace.
Know Jesus, Know Peace ... No Jesus, No Peace!!!
Know Thy User.
Know a good chiropractor?  My computer has a slipped disk.
Know all the sunny places.
Know fear.
Know fear. - Luke 12:5
Know guns = be safeNo guns = nobody's safe!
Know how Bill &amp; Hillary met?  Both dating the same guy!
Know how Clinton sits upright with no spine? That is Hillary's ARM!!
Know how to break a Clinton supporter's finger? Punch him in the nose
Know how to do taglines for a Mac?  A black magic marker on the screen?
Know how to get a lawyer out of a tree? Cut the rope.
Know how to prevent sagging? Just eat till the wrinkles fill out,,,
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers? -- No?  GOOD!
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers? -- No?  GOOD!
Know love, know happiness. No love, no happiness
Know new taxes! says President Bush.
Know of what you speak, speak of what you know!
Know that he knows that we know that he knows
Know the difference between the Hindenburg and Rush Limbaugh?
Know the future! Know the past! The GreatDate-DeprivedVorlon tells all
Know then this truth, enough for man to know Virtue alone is happiness below. - Alexander Pope
Know thy pride, and the evil of thine heart. - 1 Samuel 17:28
Know thyself -- but don't tell anyone.
Know thyself, presume not God to scan; The proper study of mankind is man. - Alexander Pope
Know thyself.  - Socrates
Know thyself.  If you need help, call ASIO.
Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.
Know thyself. If you need help doing so, call the CIA.
Know thyself. If you need help, call the C.I.A.
Know what God thinks of money? Look at the people she gives it to
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions
Know what I hate most?  Rhetorical questions.  -- Henry Camp
Know what I hate?  I hate rhetorical questions!
Know what I like about Windows98?  Not a damn thing
Know what I like about Windows?   NOTHING!.
Know what I like about Windows?  Not a damned thing.
Know what I like about Windows? .................................Nothing!
Know what I like about Windows? NOTHING!
Know what I like about Windows? Not a damn thing.
Know what I mean Vern
Know what I mean...Vern?
Know what I mean?  Wink, wink.  Nudge, nudge!
Know what I mean? Nudge nudge, wink wink, say no more!
Know what I wanna be when I grow up?  A TV! -- Carl Chamness
Know what Smurfs do at a ball game @FN@? The Blue Wave!
Know what foam from the mouth does to a keyboard?
Know what is realy gross? Eating the raisins off the fly paper.
Know what the problem with America is? They don't think like I do
Know what to expect before you connect
Know what to kiss -- and when  &amp;lt;&amp;lt;G&amp;gt;&amp;gt;
Know what to kiss and when.  -- Tony Hendra
Know what we ALL are?       Remember Adam and Eve were NEVER married!
Know what your problem is, human?  You're still breathing
Know when to code 'em, know when to modem.
Know when to fight and when to run.
Know when to keep silent.
Know when to speak up
Know when you're getting old? Your kids retire
Know where you are calling before you dial!
Know who makes all that candy? The Easter Bunny's elves!
Know why a rooster doesn't lay eggs?   He's too busy laying hens.
Know why cats are so independent?  They can scratch their own backs.
Know why divorce is so expensive? It's WORTH it!
Know why farts smell? So's deaf people can enjoy 'em, too.
Know why they're called roach clips?   POT holder was already taken!
Know why you never see a politician laugh? Because they know what they're getting away with, and if they started laughing, they'd never stop
Know ye the truth, and the truth shall set you free.
Know your ABC's, mind your P's and Q's, dot your I's and cross your T's.
Know your ASCII from a hole in the ground.
Know your enemies - they are your leaders
Know your enemy as you know yourself -
Know your enemy, and he's yours. - Overload
Know your limits but never stop trying to exceed them
Know your roots.  Potatoes, carrots, and sassafras.
Know your roots...potatoes, carrots, turnips
Know your target...then drop him.
Know yourself and abide in that state. -- Agent Cooper
Know yourself and you know the truth, and the truth sets you free
Know yourself, know your business, know your men.  Randall Jacobs
Know yourself. If you need help, call the FBI.
Knowhutahmean, Vern?
Knowing God is our only source of true security
Knowing God is our only source of true security - R. Harris
Knowing Murphy's Law won't help
Knowing Murphy's Law won't help either.
Knowing better doesn't always work out: Jessica Tate
Knowing both how to rule and how to obey. - Aristotle
Knowing is half the battle...             G.I. Joe
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Goethe
Knowing isn't the cure
Knowing its origins, how could they have thought they could control it?
Knowing me, Alan Partridge. Knowing you, Alan Shearer. Aha!
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenme
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenme
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - LAO TZU
Knowing that you do not know is the beginning of wisdom.
Knowing the Captain so well, she will.. blah.. blah.. blah... -Tuvok
Knowing what's right doesn't mean much unless you do what's right
Knowldge is knowing that you don't know
Knowledge Is Good - Faber College
Knowledge and history are the enemies of religion
Knowledge becomes wisdom only when it is shared.
Knowledge by gender, jerk. -- Susan
Knowledge by gender, jerk. --Susan Ivanova.
Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cur
Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers -Alfred Tennyson
Knowledge comes; learning lingers
Knowledge for labor, honor for risk
Knowledge grows at half the rate at which academic courses proliferate
Knowledge is Power - F. Bacon
Knowledge is a basic tool of politics. - Urza Jaddo
Knowledge is a deadly friend when no one sets the rules.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification. - Martin H. Fischer
Knowledge is all we really have to share with each other.
Knowledge is better than ignorance
Knowledge is camouflage, it hides the reality beneath
Knowledge is gained through study...WISDOM THROUGH EXPERIENCE!!
Knowledge is good.
Knowledge is illuminating. Hey! Who turned out the light?
Knowledge is knowing that you don't know
Knowledge is knowing that you don't know everything
Knowledge is knowing that you don't know.
Knowledge is limited and Ignorance is infinite.
Knowledge is never wasted, nor is love
Knowledge is of two kinds: we know the subject ourselves, or we know where to find information upon it. - Samuel Johnson
Knowledge is power
Knowledge is power - if you know it about the right person.
Knowledge is power - keep it all to yourself
Knowledge is power -- knowledge shared is power lost. -- Aleister Crowley
Knowledge is power if you know about the right person.
Knowledge is power! (but so is batteries!)
Knowledge is power, but power does NOT confer knowledge.
Knowledge is power.
Knowledge is power.  -- Thomas Hobbes
Knowledge is power.  Power corrupts.  Hmm
Knowledge is power. (now, where do I plug it in.....?)
Knowledge is power. - Francis Bacon
Knowledge is power.....-- O.J. Simpson
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul. - Will Durant
Knowledge is the raw material which experience converts into wisdom
Knowledge itself is power. - Francis Bacon (1561-1626)
Knowledge may be power, but communications is the key
Knowledge of our past as history is important and central... - Keto
Knowledge rests not on truth alone, but upon error also.
Knowledge should be free to all!
Knowledge sir, should be free for all! - Harry Mudd
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. - Jimi Hendrix
Knowledge will not acquire you, you must acquire it
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Knowledge without wisdom is like a song without a singer
Knowledge without wisdom is useless
Knowledge, sir, should be *free* to all! - Harry Mudd
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all! - Harry Mudd
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all! -- Franklin
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all! -- Harry Mudd, "I, Mudd"
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all! --Franklin.
Knowledgeable hunters will stick to their guns.
Known Nazi spy, cocaine fiend &amp; pyromaniac - Crow
Known Nazi spy, cocaine fiend and pyromaniac. --Crow T. Robot
Known all over the world, and other places besides.
Known carrier of racing fever
Known to be addictive.
Knows how to drive a man right back to being a child.
Knows what to call 10,000 Microsoft engineers at the bottom of Lake Sammamish
KnowwhatImean, KnowwhatImean, nudge-nudge, grin-grin, win
KnowwhatImean, KnowwhatImean, nudge-nudge, grin-grin, win
KnowwhatImean...Vern?
Knoxville, Tn:  It is illegal to lasso a fish
Knuckle head: See CLINTON.
Knucklehead Smith makes a sale - Joel
Knuckles of Borg: Resistance is futile. I will deceive you
Ko Dan Officer - What do we do???   Ko Dan Commander - We die.
Ko bi mogao da pretpostavi da ce da me ostavi
Ko brkove zimi gaji, ljeti ga dolja vadi.
Ko da bi htela jos nesto reci, usne se micu a glasa nema
Ko ima srece u kartama ima para za ljubav
Ko je od nas dvoje suprotan pol?
Ko je uopste taj bog?2N++&amp;lt;++ +~dj&amp;gt;2dja2a+zCz~+dj+NO CARRIER
Ko macka u dzaku, smucam se po mraku
Ko ne mora da radi ono sto prica taj je uspeo u zivotu.
Ko nije protiv nas, sa nama je.
Ko pre devojci, sam u nju upada !
Ko radi taj i gresi - rece jez i sidje sa cetke.
Ko s Amerima tikve sadi bombe mu o glavu pucaju
Ko s djavolom tikve sadi, o glavu mu se lupaju.
Ko se igra s Vidom ima posla sa sidom...;))
Ko se kompjutera masi, od njega i gine !
Ko te ucio da se tako bijes ?!?
Ko tebe kamenom, taj te gadja!
Ko tebe ljebom ti njega mlijekom !!
Ko zna cije je to maslo
Koala Triangle: a mysterious zone in the Southern Hemisph
Kobain is dead. No life, no meaning, no music. Dark Star
Kod ekonomista realnost je specijalni slucaj
Kod nas prvu violinu sviraju trube
Kodak      : The Bible of the Mohammedans.
Kodak and Trojans: They both capture that special moment.
Kodak factory explodes!  No film at 11:00
Kodak/Lenscrafters of Bel Air:  Fresh Prints, in about an hour
Kodos, when the colonists died
Koga nema, bez njega se moze.
Kohakuiro no otoko no yume doko ni? - Mospeada
Kohn's Corollary to Murphy's Law:  Two wrongs are only the&amp;lt;&amp;gt;beginning
Kojak of Borg - "Who loves to assimilate ya, baby?"
Kojak.... I think I'll lick my lolly later
Koje sranje, bas sam mogo da napisem jos jednu poruku.
Koji deka????
Koji je dorucak najvise uticao na tvoj zivot ?
Koji novi tag da napisem za vas koji citate?
Koji ovo gleda, poletece u oblaku azotnih isparenja.
Koji se junak svikao biti, sijalicom popalice svecu.
Kokane - Straight from The Rockies
Kokanee? Never heard of it.
Kokomo, IN : we operate at a 90¯ angle to reality!
Kol ze yavo machar im lo hayom, ve'im lo az machrotaim
Koliko je trajao 100-godisnji rat?
Koliko jos ima do ocaja.
Koliko puta si ljubila stranca i bila kao ptica kraj coveka koji ne leti
Kolki **namestaj**,jebo te!!!
Kolreth - because blunt things can hurt too
Kom jij es ff dichtbij je schermpje, dan zal ik je ff instralen !
Kom opanci - Tom i Dzeri
Kome pisem pjesme, ako ne tebi, to je sve sto ti mogu reci
Komerex tel khesterex
Komm, wir mailen sie nieder :)
Kompjuter je crna rupa u koju bacas pare.
Komplexe Systeme neigen dazu, ihre eigene Funktion zu behindern. -- Le Chatelier
Komrade Kleenton's ingeeniuous plahn eez verkingk, komrades!!
Komrade!"
Komsije ce da me biju zbog preglasnog rock`n`rola,
Kona, Mocha Java, Antigua, Terrazu, Sumatra, Kenya
Kona, Mocha Java, Antigua, Terrazu, Sumatra-around the world with coffee
Konj mi se ubio. Morao sam da mu slomim nogu.
Konnan: I won Taco Bell's Employee of the Month, 3 years in a row
Konnichiwa!!!!
Kono tatakai ga owattara... Neesan... Boku-tachi wa... - Justy
Koo Koo Kids Looking For Koo Koo Kicks!
Koo Koo Mariah! - Tom sings
Kooler Than Jesus
Kopije nisu krive, original je prvi poceo
Kor: I never trust men who smile too much.
Kore            - Mother of Charms, Letters and Carnivals
Kore, Mother of Charms, Letters and Carnivals.
Korea - land of the three-man shovel.
Korea II, Coming Soon to a "Theater" Near You!
Korean cook book: 101 ways to wok your dog.
Koresh Limbaugh has both a right wing and a left: An angel's.
Koresh fires his disciples:  on the next ARSONio Hall Show.
Koresh selects Deguerian as lawyer.  Both think they're GOD.
Koresh talks to god!  Hillary talks to Eleanor!
Koresh wasn't Christ, but the gov't isn't GOD, either!
Koresh' last words: "Gimme a light.  Nooo, a BUD light!"
Koresh's fire.  11:00 on the ARSONio Hall show.
Koresh's last words... I meant a BUD light!
Koresh's last words... I'd Kill a lawyer, before it goes into politics!
Koresh's last words; I meant BUD LIGHT
Koreshes of the world, IGNITE!
Korfball players do it with the other sex
Korman's conclusion: The trouble with resisting temptation is it may never come your way again
Korob! That door won't last! - Kirk
Korrd to Kirk: And now, may I present our new gunner? (Spock)
Kosanovicu, vidimo se u Hagu!
Kosh Virus detected!  Deleting virus scan file.
Kosh always speaks of himself in the plural form. - JMS
Kosh is really --- Luke Skywalker.  You are not ready for the force.
Kosh of Borg: "You have always been assimilated."
Kosh who? --Ivanova. Gesundheit. --Sheridan.
Kosh, you old dog! You didn't tell me you were bringing a date!
Kosh- If you go to Z'Ha'Dum... you will die.   Sheridan- Then I die.
Kosh??? - Sheridan
KoshDOS:  "You have always hit the key."
Kosher Food:  Don't pig out on it.
Kosher ham
Kosher meat by Rabbi Lorraine Babbit. - Oops
Kosher tires -- stop on a dime and then pick it up
Koss is the boss!
Kotex - Not the best thing in the world, but next to it.
Kotex - not THE best thing in world, but next to it.
Kotex is not the best thing in the world, but next to it.
Kotex not best thing in world, but next to it.
Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best thing.
Kotex, n. - Be nice. It's had enough dirty cracks against it already!
Kotex, n.:  Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best
Kotex: Not the best in the world, but next to it.
Kovac's Conundrum:  When you dial a wrong number, you never get a&amp;lt;&amp;gt;busy signal
Koyaanisqatsi .. Koyaanisqatsi ..  Koyaanisqatsi
Kraft Foods of Israel: Cheeses of Nazareth
Kraft Macaroni and Aardvark- it's moosier!
Kraft blue cheese is neither.
Kraft factory in Jerusalem: Cheeses of Nazareth
Kramden utility: One o' these days...  ECHO Y | DEL *.*
Kramer saw me naked.  How can I go on?' - Elaine
Kramer!!!
Kramer's Law: You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks
Kramer, he's just a dentist.-Jerry   Yeah, and you're an anti-dentite
Krasny Oktybyr
Kreco Hakija, presudila mu cakija
Krell energy meter:{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{~}{ }{ }{ }
Kriost eirgin! (Gaelic: "Christ is risen!")
Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr): The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards
Krogt, n. (chemical symbol: Kr): The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards. -- Rich Hall, "Sniglets"
Krogt:  The metallic silver coating found on scratch-and-win tickets.
Krogt: The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards
Kronos.  The Klingon Homeworld. Quark
Kroykah! T'Pau
Krrrrrrrrvi cu ti se napiti !!!!
Krueger
Krueger's Observation: A taxpayer is someone who does not have to take a civil service exam in order to work for the government
Kruger. Luger. BOOGER! - Mike
Krushchev credited SPAM with the survival of the WWII Russian army.
Krv nije voda. Ostavlja fleke po odelu!
Kryptonite cross - keep Dracula AND Superman away!
Kryptonite cross:  Keep Dracula *and* Superman away!
Kryten of Borg: (Lie mode on) No Sirs, I won't assimilate you
Kryten of Borg: I'm sorry. It's against my programming to
Kryten, I'm an enlightened twenty-third century guy. - Lister
Kryten, I'm an enlightened twenty-third century guy. Spit it out man
Kryton of Borg: I'm sorry. It's against my programming to
Kryton, remove that Troyian pig. Elaan
Ku Klux Klanners do it secretly.
Ku Klux Klanners do it under the sheets.
Ku band what's that? It's where DSS watches the rain from.
Kuato lives
Kube feel tingly all over -- Larry Kubiak
Kuca se ne gradi od krova, vec od temelja
Kulturo! Eve me
Kuma Satra makes my keys quiver!!
Kung Pao Tagline: take with a glass of water!
Kung Poo Master--One trained in the Art of the deadly Fart.
Kung Pu: the deadly martial art of passing gas.
Kung-Fu tribble breaking board with body: -*-
Kunta Kinte played Ko by the river,err,Kunta Ko played
Kupi kanap i pucaj u sebe tamo gde je voda najdublja.
Kupi mi jednu pljeskavicu, rado cu ti vratiti u utorak
Kupio sam prsten,kupio sam pusku
Kurds never die - they just lose their way.
Kurt Cobain - died a legend - just like Lassie!
Kurt Gump....Smells Like a Box of Chocolates
Kvack, Kvack! - Duck speaking with a Swedish accent.
Kwisatz Haderach, give a dog a bone! This old man came rolling home!
Kwisatz's been playing in the pharmacy section again.
Kwyjibo..a big dumb balding North American ape..with no chin.. - Bart
Kyberspace...Computer networks in Afghanistan.
Kyle, did you just throw doo doo at Eric? - Teacher, South Park
Kyle:  Hey, look, there's Wendy Testeburger.  Stan:  Huh, where? South Park
Kyle:  You bastards! Come back here!  Stan Come back!
Kylie Minogue - The Singing Budgie.
Kzin Zen Master:  "What is the sound of one paw slashing?"
Kzinti Diplomatic Corps - Let's do lunch
Kçss mÇ twåõÇ.  å'm sáhåz¢phrä§çá
kLANtastic: It's in the white box.
kO jer ekao da ja neum em dakucam?
kad idemo gradom ljubav hoda izmedju nas
kada spavam zaklanjam lice i uvijek sanjam tople usne zene kako me ljube
kako su pogresni dani bez tebe, tu mi ni pice ne moze pomoci.
kandy is dandy, and sex won't add the weight
kcub eht ni bats A :noitalfnI
ke to order another glove, lubed" -Michael Jackson
keep digging
keep digging...
keep saying that, I don't think it means what you think it means Your E-
kernel panic: write-only-memory (/dev/wom0) capacity exceeded. -- The BOFH excuse server
kernel, n.: A part of an operating system that preserves the medieval traditions of sorcery and black art
kernel: lp0 on fire!
keyboard failure press any key to continue
kids emporium
killing for religion - something I don't understand...
killing for religion - something I don't understand...
kilohertz:  Mortal injuries.
kinda like a cloud i was up, way up in the sky.
kinda' guy who flirts with your wife..but you still loan him twenty
kiss of the iguana woman
kisskisskisskisskisssmoochkisskisskisssmoochkisskisskisskiss
kittens... on fire!
kjhf7u2sfgywh... HEY, get the cat off my computer!
kjhf7u2sfgywh...HEY, get the cat off my computer!
kkk - ambulance number of the beast
knock firmly but softly, I like soft, firm knockers!!!! Uh what.  Someti
know who the patsy is, *you're* the patsy
knowledge, n.: Things you believe
konnichiwa!
kreni ostro uzmi stvar u ruke