Q  How can I prove that I'm mortal?   Worf  Die.
Q "Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!...Q ahhhh ummm
Q (packing suitcase, to Picard) I'm going on an ego trip.
Q (to Amanda after destroying 2 galaxies): Was it good for you, too?
Q + Picard:  a Master and his beloved pet?
Q + Picard:  a Master and his beloved pet?                       AGT
Q - How can I prove I'm mortal?  A - Worf - DIE!
Q - If seagull fly over the sea, what flies over the bay?  A - Bagels
Q - What do you call a firefighter's daughter?    A - Amber.
Q - What do you call poisoned coffee?    A - Grounds for divorce.
Q - What do you give a seasick elephant?    A - Lots of room
Q - What is a cow called that does not give milk?ãA - An udder failure
Q - What is a cow eating grass?ã  A - A lawn mooer
Q - What word begins with F and ends with UCK?    A - Firetruck.
Q - Where do lawyers live?    A Ä In legal pads
Q - Why does a cow wear a bell?ã  A - Its horns don't work
Q - an O at "that time of the month"
Q - how can I prove I'm mortal?     Worf - DIE!
Q : How can I prove that I'm mortal? Worf: Die.
Q = John Bobbitt (Before)  O = John Bobbitt (After)
Q CONTINUUM: A race of beings who outlasted the Energizer
Q IN ART SCHOOL: Tempera! Tempera, Mon Capitaine.
Q QQq QqQQqq qq qQ q &lt;--- Continuum family photo.
Q QQqq QqQ QQqQqqq QQ - Continuum family portrait.
Q The dark matter they found out there must be chocolate liqueur?
Q The powerfull, Q The merciless, Q the Virgin.
Q Vadis. Q in ancient Rome.
Q does S&amp;M:  "That's *Master* Q, you foolish, fragile non-entity!"
Q est?  Q suffers amnesia
Q finally arrived on Voyager and met Janeway... the wedding's next Tue
Q has left the building
Q is NOT an unemployed leprechaun with an attitude!!
Q is for Q, the mischievous being
Q is for Quinton who sank in a mire, R is for Rhoda, consumed by a fire
Q looked so smug, right up until the moment Kira kicked him in the
Q of Borg:  Assimilate a primitive species like you?  I think not!
Q of Borg: I'm Bored
Q of Borg: Now you're in for it, Picard
Q on acid.  Think about it
Q shows up in something other than a captain's uniform - 3 drinks!
Q shows up unannounced - drink!
Q shows up unannounced during a time of turmoil - 2 drinks!
Q suspended time.  Picard
Q taglines
Q the miserable, Q the desperate! - Q
Q to Picard: Morning darling!  [They are both in bed.]
Q wants to do something NICE for me! Go to red alert!
Q wants to do something NICE for me. I'll alert the crew. -- Riker
Q wants to do something nice for me. - Picard
Q Ä How do you kill a pink elephant?
Q Ä How do you kill a pink elephant?      A Ä Stop drinking!
Q Ä How do you make an elephant fly?     A Ä Start with a 3-foot zipper
Q Ä How do you shoot a yellow elephant? A Ä Ever seen a yellow elephant?
Q Ä What do elephants use for condoms?      A Ä Garbage bags!
Q Ä What do elephants use for slippers?      A Ä Sheep!
Q Ä What do you call a limbless female trial attorney? A Ä Sue!
Q Ä What do you call an elephant with a machine gun?      A Ä Sir
Q Ä What do you call two elephants on a bicycle?  A Ä Optimistic!
Q Ä What do you do when you come across an elephant?  A Ä Wipe it off!
Q Ä What do you give a seasick elephant?
Q Ä What has 2 tails, 2 trunks &amp; 5 feet?  A Ä Elephant with spare parts
Q Ä What is a redhead's mating call?
Q Ä What is grey and not there?
Q Ä What is grey and not there?      A Ä No elephants
Q Ä What keeps Star Trek going?
Q Ä What was the elephant doing on the motorway?  A Ä About 5 mph
Q Ä What's grey and puts out forest fires?
Q Ä What's grey and puts out forest fires?      A Ä Smokey the Elephant
Q Ä Why are elephants wrinkled?  A Ä Have you ever tried to iron one?
Q Ä Why did the elephant cross the road?  A Ä Chicken's day off
Q Ä Why did the elephant fall out of the tree? A Ä Because it was dead
Q Ä Why do dragons sleep during the day?  A Ä So they can fight knights
Q Ä Why do ducks have flat feet?  A Ä From stamping out forest fires
Q Ä Why do elephants drink so much?
Q Ä Why do elephants drink so much?      A Ä To try to forget
Q Ä Why do elephants lay on their backs? A Ä To trip low flying canaries
Q Ä Why do elephants wear sandals?  A Ä So they don't sink in the sand
Q!  I knew you were on my side all along!  - Q in error.
Q!  I knew you were on my side all along! -- Q
Q! I AM *NOT* KIRK! PUT THE TOUPEE BACK IN THE GRAVE!  -Picard
Q!?  Hahaha! I'm not afraid of a fictional charac#l&amp;w^$%&amp; - NO CARRIER
Q's Afraid of Virginia Wolf.  Q fears someone more than Guinan
Q's Baby?. Q hosts a game show.
Q's Harp. Q studies galactic music.
Q) How do you make a cat drink?   A) Put it in the blender.
Q, I don't believe that you are God. The universe isn't run that badly!
Q, my only regret is dying and finding YOU here.  Picard
Q, you exceed your own standards of self-preoccupation. - Captain Picard
Q, you put the Lotus back together - 007 (R. Moore - F.Y.E.O.)
Q, you put the Lotus back together - 007 (R. Moore - For Your Eyes Only)
Q- How do Gays access the Internet? A- C:Enter
Q-Blue 1.0: "Admiral! There be Whales here!" -- Scotty
Q-Blue v2.1 [#136]:  The Few.  The Proud.  The Registered!
Q-Blue v2.1:  Getting Better all the time!
Q-Blue: the first offline reader worthy of the Amiga.
Q-Blue: the reason they had to invent the Amiga.
Q-Modem.....comm program gone paperweight
Q-TIP: When an omnipotent alien gives you advice!
Q-Tip        : Advice from the Continuum.
Q-Tip:  When a really powerful alien gives you advice.
Q-Tip: A piece of advice from a powerful entity.
Q-Tip: Advice from the Continuum.
Q-Tip: Advice from the Continuum. (For your ears only.)
Q-Tip: When a omnipotent alien gives you advice.
Q-Tip: When a really powerful alien gives you advice.
Q-koo Clock.  Q sends an Away team to Bavaria
Q-ti: p: Ferrengi sex toy
Q.  Why did Gary Larson's chicken cross the road? A.  To get to the Far Side
Q. Christian thumpin' it's Bible ? A. A pain in the A$$.
Q. Difference between light and hard? A. You can sleep with a light on
Q. Do you smoke after sex ?, A. I never looked
Q. How does a blonde's brain cell die?     A. Alone
Q. Name the President of the Dissociated States. A. I can
Q. What can a goose do, that a lawyer should?
Q. What do you call a three-legged cow?  A. Lean beef.
Q. What do you get when you cross a JAP with a prostitute? A. Someone who sucks your American Express card
Q. What does a computer frog say? A. Reboot repoot repoot!
Q. What does a dancer like to drink?   A. Tap Water 
Q. What is a row of rabbits walking backwards? A. A receding hare-line
Q. What kind of man was Boaz before he got married?  A. Ruth-less
Q. What's the best way to drive a baby buggy? A. Tickle his feet
Q. What's the best way to drive a baby buggy? A. Tickle his feet
Q. What's the fluid capacity of Lewinsky's mouth? A: 1 U.S. leader
Q. Whats different between a computer and a JAP? A. A computer goes down
Q. Where's the foxhole? A.Under its tail
Q. Why do Kennedy's cry after sex?   A. Mace!
Q. Why do blondes wear pony tails? A. To hide the valve stem
Q. Why do women have arms? A. Have you any idea how long it would take to LICK a bathroom clean?
Q. Why is divorce so expensive? A. Because it's worth it.
Q. Why is the universe here?  A. Where else would it be?
Q.: How do you drive an idiot crazy? A.:
Q.I.T, Dire Elf, Sister Of The Order Of The Forked ;^&amp;gt; - Dodger
Q.What does a computer frog say? A. Reboot repoot repoot!
Q.Where's the foxhole? A.Under its tail.
Q12: The quintessential conservatives on Limbaugh!
Q2: An omniscient being who forgets things!
Q:  "How plead you?"  Wayne and Garth:  "We're not worthy!"
Q:  "Lived here all your life?"  A:  "Not yet."
Q:  Is the saxophone a brass or a woodwind instrument?  A:  Yes.
Q:  What are kettle drums called?            A:  Kettle drums
Q:  Which is worse, ignorance or apathy?
Q:  Why do women change their minds so often? A:  To keep them clean
Q:  Why don't chickens ware underware?    A:  Thier peckers are on thier face. J. Ward. 
Q:  Why'd the convict want a computer?      ãA:  To ESC
Q: "Amanda is WHAT?!"
Q: "Even *I* can't teach William Shatner how to act."
Q: "What are you looking at?"
Q: "What did the Zen buddist say to the New York hot dog vendor?" A: "Make me one with everything."
Q: "What do I have to do to convince you I'm mortal?"    Worf: "Die."
Q: "Why did HAL crash?" A: "He was running Windows!"
Q: 200 legs &amp; 6 teeth? A: 1st row at a Willie Nelson concert
Q: 386+387?       A: 486-8K
Q: According to the Bible, how were the Irish created? A: Adam looked down at Eve and said, Oh! Hair! AndEve
Q: Amanda is WHAT?!
Q: Amanda! GET OFF OF ME! GET...on second thought
Q: Are we not men?   A: We are D E V O!!!
Q: Can I run OS/2 on this Power PC system? A: What for? Use System 7!
Q: Can OS/2 solve my Windows prob? A: You use Windows apps in OS/2
Q: Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?    A: Great food, no atmosphere
Q: Did you know that 85% of all Japanese men have Cataracts?    A: The rest drive Rincolns and Chevlorets
Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&amp;M factory? A: For throwing out the W's
Q: How can I prove that I'm mortal?   Worf: Die!
Q: How can you tell a Zen Master?  A: You can't
Q: How can you tell if a Viola is out of tune? A: The bow is moving.
Q: How can you tell if a blonde is a good cook? A: She gets the pop tarts out of the toaster in one piece
Q: How can you tell if a blonde's been using the computer? A: There's white-out on the screen
Q: How can you tell if another blonde's been using the computer? A: There's writing on the white-out
Q: How can you tell when a FAX had been sent from a blonde? A: There is a stamp on it
Q: How can you tell when a blonde rejects a new brain transplant? A: She sneezes
Q: How did the baby lamb get to Mercury? A: By rocket sheep!
Q: How did the blonde die drinking milk?  A: The cow fell on her.
Q: How did the blonde die ice fishing?     A: She was run over by the zambonis machine
Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird? A: She threw it off a cliff
Q: How did the boss know he'd hired a Polish secretary? A: There was White-out all over the computer screen
Q: How did the dumb blonde break her leg raking leaves? A: She fell out of the tree
Q: How did the pig with laryngitis feel? A: Dis-gruntled
Q: How do I know I exist? A: Who wants to know?
Q: How do blonde braincells die? A: Alone
Q: How do blondes pierce their ears? A: They put tacks in their shoulder pads
Q: How do girls get minks?  A: The same way minks get minks.
Q: How do you amuse a blonde for hours? A: Write 'Please turn over' on both sides of a piece of paper
Q: How do you circumcise a Redneck?  A: Kick his sister in the chin.
Q: How do you confuse a blonde? A: You don't. They're born that way
Q: How do you describe a blonde, surrounded by drooling idiots? A: Flattered
Q: How do you describe the perfect blonde? A: feet tall, no teeth, and a flat head to rest your beer on
Q: How do you drive a blonde crazy? A: Give her a bag of M&amp;Ms and tell her to alphabetise them
Q: How do you drown a Blonde? A: Put a mirror on the bottom of the pool.
Q: How do you get a Mexican pregnant? A: Come in her shoes and let the flies do the rest
Q: How do you get a blonde to climb on the roof? A: Tell her that the drinks are on the house
Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you? A: Tell her she's pregnant
Q: How do you get a blondes eyes to twinkle? A: Shine a torch in her ears
Q: How do you keep a fool in suspense? A: I'll tell you tomorrow
Q: How do you kill a blonde? A: Put spikes in their shoulder pads
Q: How do you know Clinton is lying? A: His lips are moving.
Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies? A: You find M&amp;M shells all over the kitchen floor
Q: How do you know when you're being mooned by Ronald McDonald?    A: He's the one with the sesame seed buns
Q: How do you know you exist?       A: Who wants to know?
Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday mornings? A: Tell them a joke on Friday night!
Q: How do you make a blonde's eyes light up? A: Shine a flashlight in their ear
Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence? A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear!
Q: How do you save a lawyer from drowning?    A: Who cares?
Q: How do you sink a Polish battleship?    A: Put it in water
Q: How do you sink a Polish submarine?    A: Knock on the hatch!
Q: How do you spell "onomatopoeia"?  A: The way it sounds.
Q: How does Bill Clinton say "F*** you"?   A: "Trust me."
Q: How does a Republican say "F*** you"?   A: "Trust me."
Q: How does a blonde hold her liquor? A:   By the ears.
Q: How does a blonde measure his/her IQ? A: With a tire gauge!
Q: How does a blonde try to kill a fish? A: She held it under water
Q: How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Q: How many Borg does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: All of them
Q: How many DEC repairmen does it take to fix a flat? A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires
Q: How many Microsoft engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None. They just make darkness a standard
Q: How many Real Men does it take to change a light bulb?    A: Real men aren't afraid of the dark
Q: How many accountants does it take to screw in a light bulb?    A: What kind of answer did you have in mind?
Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek? A:   One
Q: How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb?    A: None.  It turned itself in
Q: How many programmers does it take to replace a light bulb?    A: None, that's obviously a hardware problem
Q: How many sysops does it take to screw in a light bulb. A: None. They cant g
Q: How plead you?  Wayne &amp; Garth: We're not worthy!
Q: How plead you?  Wayne &amp; Garth: We're not worthy! We're not worthy!
Q: How plead you?  Wayne &amp; Garth: We're not worthy!...
Q: I wasn't the one who misplaced the entire Deltived Asteroid Belt!
Q: I'm a virgin. 1/2 the galaxy hates me and I hate the other 1/2.
Q: Is Schroedinger's Cat dead or alive?  A: Yes.
Q: Is a 28.8 Modem worthwhile? A: Yes, when the price falls 50%!
Q: Is anyone safe when a man-eating Tyrannosaurus is on the loose? A: Sure. Women and children
Q: Is sex dirty?  A: Only when it is being done right.
Q: Is the Kiev accident anything like Three Mile Island? A: Of course, there's a direct core-relation
Q: Is this all there is? A: No. This is all that would fit as Taglines!
Q: Isn't sex really a four-letter-word?
Q: Oh, get some hair Picard, your brain has caught cold
Q: Oh, go ahead, blame Q if it makes you feel any better
Q: Oh, heavy is the burden of being me!
Q: Oh, how absolutely typical of your species!
Q: Oh, thank you very much, I'm glad you enjoyed it
Q: Oh, yes, aren't you one of the little people?
Q: Oh, you know that one
Q: Oh, you may not trust me, but you need me
Q: Oh, you're so stolid!  You weren't like that before the beard!
Q: Oh, your species is always suffering and dying
Q: Only try to do a better job. Picard Ha, ha, ha
Q: Oui, mon Capitan
Q: Perhaps you'll share the joke with me?
Q: Picard!  You cheated!  I'm impressed!
Q: Picard, consorting with lower ranked females?
Q: Picard, grow some hair. Your brain has caught cold
Q: Q the miserable, Q the desperate!
Q: Quite a motley crew you've assembled here, Benji
Q: Quite simply, we're omnipotent
Q: Red Alert!
Q: Riker, you weren't like this before the beard
Q: Riker, you're so stolid! You weren't that way BEFORE the beard
Q: SHUT UP, PICARD!!!
Q: See you...out there!: to Picard
Q: She's such a plucky little thing now, isn't she?
Q: Simple.  Change the gravitational constant of the universe
Q: So, this is what you do in the bathroom, Jean-Luc
Q: Starfleet Admiral Q at your service
Q: Such grudges.  Give us a kiss, Worf
Q: Superior morality
Q: Surely there must be something you want
Q: THESE aren't my colors!  And what're you blathering about, Riker?
Q: Temper, temper, mon capitan
Q: Ten chocolate sundaes. I'm in a really bad mood
Q: That self-righteous do-gooder!
Q: That's *Captain* Q to you!
Q: That's *Judge* Q to you!
Q: The Borg is the ultimate user
Q: The Continuum didn't think you had it in you, Jean-Luc
Q: The Crusades, The Spanish Inquisition, Watergate
Q: The God of lies? - Vash  They meant it affectionately
Q: The majority of home PCs are 386s... can OS/2 help? A: Hahahaha!
Q: The secret of life is... a nectarine
Q: The secret of the universe is...a nectarine
Q: The universe could be your playground
Q: Then again, all good things must come to an end
Q: There's still the matter of that self-less act
Q: They meant it affectionately
Q: This is getting on my nerves, now that I have them.
Q: Thou art directed to return to thine own solar system immediately
Q: Thy kind hath infiltrated the galaxy too far already
Q: Thy little centuries go by so swiftly
Q: To be blunt, you're not that important
Q: Very clever Worf, eat any good books lately?
Q: Very good, Worf... Eat any good books lately?
Q: Wanna get laid?  A: Crawl up a Chicken's Ass and WAIT!
Q: We have offered you a gift beyond all other gifts
Q: Welcome to the Afterlife, @F@...you're dead
Q: Welcome to the afterlife @TO@, you're dead
Q: Welcome to the afterlife, Jean-Luc.  You're dead!
Q: Well, if it isn't Number 2
Q: Weren't you one of the little people?
Q: What animals need oiling? A: Mice, because they squeak
Q: What are the worst six years in a blonde's life? A: Third Grade
Q: What can a goose do, a duck can't, and a lawyer should? A: Stick his bill up his ass
Q: What can strike a Blonde without her even knowing it? A: A thought.
Q: What did Adam say to Eve on their first evening together? A: "Stand back! I don't know how big this thing gets!"
Q: What did Adam say to Eve?    A: "Stand back!  I don't know how big this thing gets!"
Q: What did the blind person say when given some matzah? A: Who the hell wrote this?
Q: What did the blond name her pet zebra? A: Spot
Q: What did the blonde do when she heard that 90% of accidents occur around the home? A: She moved
Q: What did the blonde name her pet zebra?  A: Spot.
Q: What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? A: "Are you sure it's mine?"
Q: What did the blonde say when she looked into a box of Cheerios? A: "Oh look! Donut seeds!"
Q: What did the blonde think of the new computer? A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get channel 9
Q: What did the elephant say when he saw the naked man lying on the ground? A: How can he eat with that thing?
Q: What did the naked Ms. Godiva say toward the end of her legendary ride? A: I am drawing near the close
Q: What did the timpanist get on his I.Q. test?  A: Drool
Q: What did they call the secret agent who dyed his hair? A: James Blond
Q: What do I have to do to convince you people?  Worf: Die.
Q: What do I have to do to convince you that I'm mortal?
Q: What do bees do with the honey they make? A: Cell it
Q: What do call a polite technician?
Q: What do husbands have in their pants that their wives don't want on their faces? A: Wrinkles
Q: What do infant insects drive around in? A: Baby buggies
Q: What do people over 40 use as birth control?   A: Nudity
Q: What do you call 10 blondes standing ear to ear? A: A wind tunnel
Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle? A: A dope ring
Q: What do you call 2 blondes in a freezer? A: Frosted flakes.
Q: What do you call 32 Redneck women?  A: A full set of teeth.
Q: What do you call 5000 dead lawyers at the bottom of the ocean?    A: good start!
Q: What do you call 6 blondes placed ear to ear? A: A wind tunnel.
Q: What do you call a Polock with an I.Q. of 176?    A: A village
Q: What do you call a Toronto Argo in the end zone? A: A safety.
Q: What do you call a blond between two brunettes? A: A mental block
Q: What do you call a blond between two brunettes? A: Confused
Q: What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A: A mental block.
Q: What do you call a blonde between two brunettes? A: Confused.
Q: What do you call a blonde in a tree with a brief case? A: Branch Manager
Q: What do you call a blonde in an institution of higher learning? A: A visitor
Q: What do you call a blonde wearing a leather jacket on a motorcycle? A: Rebel without a clue
Q: What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? A: Pregnant
Q: What do you call a blonde with half a brain?  A: Gifted.
Q: What do you call a brunette with a blonde on either side? A: An interpreter
Q: What do you call a cow that had an abortion ? A: Decalfinated
Q: What do you call a cow with no legs?   A: GROUND BEEF!
Q: What do you call a fly buzzing inside a blonde's head? A: A Space Invader
Q: What do you call a gay dinosaur? A: A Megasoreass.
Q: What do you call a golden retriever? A: A smart blonde!
Q: What do you call a lawyer who once played football for Philadelphia? A: A legal Eagle
Q: What do you call a lawyer with a 75 IQ? A: Your Honor.
Q: What do you call a man with no arms and no legs hanging on a wall ? A: Art
Q: What do you call a smart blonde? A: A golden retriever
Q: What do you call a snake that becomes a Canadian law officer? A: Mountie Python
Q: What do you call an Argo in the end zone? A: Dead Meat.
Q: What do you call an Argo scoring drive? A: A dream.
Q: What do you call an unmarried blond in a BMW? A: Divorcee'
Q: What do you call blondes at the bottom of the pool? A: Air pockets
Q: What do you call it when a blonde dies their hair brunette? A: Artificial intelligence
Q: What do you call six blondes placed ear to ear? A: A wind tunnel.
Q: What do you call twelve blondes in a circle? A: A Dope Ring.
Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a hand grenade at you? A: Pull the pin and throw it back
Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you? A: Run like heck...she's got a hand grenade in her mouth
Q: What do you do when a pit bulls humps your leg?  A: Let him finish
Q: What do you get when Clinton goes to the bathroom?  A: A Clone
Q: What do you get when you cross a Pole and an ape.    A: A retarded ape
Q: What do you get when you cross a blonde and a lawyer? A1: I don't know, there are some things even a blonde won't do
Q: What do you get when you kiss a galactic frog? A: Star Warts
Q: What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts? A: Change
Q: What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes? A: The back of her head
Q: What does D.A.M. stand for?    A: Mothers Against Dyslexia
Q: What does O.J. Simpson and a murderer have in common?
Q: What does a baseball player wear when he gets really old? A: Out
Q: What does a blonde make best for dinner? A: Reservations
Q: What does a blonde say after multiple orgasms?  A: Way to go team!
Q: What does a blonde say after sex? A: "So, are you all on the same team?
Q: What does a blonde say when she gives birth? A: Gee, Are you sure it's mine?
Q: What does a blonde say when you ask her if her blinker is on? A: It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off. It's on. It's off
Q: What does it say at the top of a Polish ladder?    A: "STOP"
Q: What does the Infantry call Airborne?  A: Skeet Shoot!!!
Q: What goes VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH,VROOM, SCREECH? A: A blonde going through a flashing red light
Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease? A: Her IQ goes up!
Q: What happens when a body is immersed in water?  A: The phone rings.
Q: What has four legs and an arm?  A: A happy pit bull!
Q: What has four legs and two arms? A: A happy Pit Bull
Q: What is Redneck foreplay?  A: "Get in the truck, bitch."
Q: What is Redneck foreplay?  A: &amp;lt;Nudge&amp;gt; "Are you awake?"
Q: What is Redneck foreplay? A: Get in the truck, bitch.
Q: What is a blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears?     A: She's trying to hold on to a thought
Q: What is a blonde's favorite part of a gas station? A: The Air Pump!
Q: What is a brunette's mating call? A: "Are the blondes gone yet?"
Q: What is a row of rabbits walking backwards?  A: A receding hare-line
Q: What is the definition of gross ignorance? A: 144 blondes
Q: What is the difference between a Borg and a Cyberman?
Q: What is the difference between a smart blonde and Bigfoot? A: Bigfoot has been spotted
Q: What is the difference between ignorance and apathy?    A: "I don't know, and I don't care."
Q: What is there, an echo in here
Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&amp;M factory? A: Proofreading
Q: What kind of a baby did the center have? A: A bouncing baby girl, of course
Q: What kind of case would a lawyer bring if he hurt himself while swimming in the pool? A: A bathing suit
Q: What trees do monsters like best? A: Cemetrees
Q: What was the blonde psychic's greatest achievment? A: An IN-body experience!
Q: What would Grace Kelly be doing if she were alive today?    A: Clawing at the top of her coffin
Q: What would happen if someone nuked Warsaw?    A: It would result in $2.99 worth of damage
Q: What would it take to reunite the Beatles?  A: Three m
Q: What's 20/20? A: The IQ of twin blondes.
Q: What's Clinton's favorite baseball team?   A: The Dodgers
Q: What's Jewish foreplay?   A: Two hours of begging
Q: What's a Blonde's favorite nursery rhyme? A: 'Hump Me, Dump Me!'
Q: What's a Blonde's idea of safe sex? A: Putting the car in park.
Q: What's a Redhead's mating call? A: "Are the blondes gone yet?"
Q: What's a blond's mating call? A: "Are the redheads gone yet?"
Q: What's a blonde's favourite wine? A: "Daaaddy, I want to go to Miaaami!"
Q: What's black &amp; white and comes in a small can?  A: Mic
Q: What's black and white and red all over?  A: Certainly not the Halifax newspapers
Q: What's black and white and red all over? A: An embarassed zebra.
Q: What's brown and red and black and blue? A:   A brunette who's told one too many blonde jokes
Q: What's five miles long and has an IQ of forty? A: A blonde parade
Q: What's small, green, and falls apart?    A: A leperchaun
Q: What's the difference between a Lawyer and a Plumber? A: A Plumber works to _unclog_ the system
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? A: You only have to punch information into a computer once
Q: What's the difference between an actor in a hit show and a hockey player? A: One sticks with a play
Q: What's the favorite TV program in little bug colonies around the nation? A: Rose-ant
Q: What's the first thing a Blonde does in the morning? A: Walks home.
Q: What's the male equivalent of the maternity dress? A: The paternity suit
Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?  A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"
Q: What's the most popular form of birth control? A: The headache.
Q: Whats black and fuzzy and hangs from the ceiling? A: A blonde electrician
Q: When does a brunette have 1/2 of a brain? A: After a dye job
Q: When is it legal to shoot a blonde in the head? A: When you have a tire pump to reinflate it!
Q: Where did baby dinosaurs come from? A: The staurk brought them
Q: Where do Irish yuppies live ? A: Lepracondominiums !
Q: Where do blondes go to meet their relatives? A: The vegetable garden
Q: Where have all the flower children gone?  A: The White House!
Q: Why are Blonde jokes so short? A: So men can remember them.
Q: Why are blondes hurt by people's words? A: Because people keep hitting them with dictionaries
Q: Why are soldiers so tired on April 1st?    A: Because they just had a 31 day March!
Q: Why can't blondes put in light bulbs? A: They keep breaking them with the hammers
Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ? A:   She didn't know what ONE came first
Q: Why did God give women nipples? A: To make suckers out of men
Q: Why did the Blonde stop making ice cubes? A: She lost the recipe.
Q: Why did the blonde drive into the ditch? A: To turn the blinker off
Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months? A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years
Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat? A: In case she locks the keys in her car
Q: Why did the blonde keep ice cubes in the freezer? A:   So she could keep the refriderator cold
Q: Why did the blonde scale the chain-link fence? A: To see what was on the other side
Q: Why did the blonde scale the glass wall? A: To see what was on the other side
Q: Why did the blonde stare at the OJ carton? A: It said "Concentrate".
Q: Why did the blonde stare at the frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? A: Because it said 'concentrate'
Q: Why did the blonde stop making ice cubes? A: She lost the recipe
Q: Why did the blonde stop using the pill?  A: It kept falling out.
Q: Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet? A: So she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills
Q: Why did the blonde want to become a veternarian? A: Because she loved children
Q: Why did the cow jump over the moon? A: The farmer's hands were cold
Q: Why didn't the doctor pay the rent on his outhouse? A: He didn't like the lawyer living downstairs
Q: Why do Blonde's prefer tilt-steering? A: More headroom.
Q: Why do Blondes have T.G.I.F. on their shirts? A: Tits Go In Front.
Q: Why do Blondes like tilt-wheel steering? A: More headroom!
Q: Why do all blondes all have a dimple on their chin and a flat forehead? A: Finger on chin-I don't know. Hits forehead-Oh I get it!
Q: Why do blonde's have T.G.I.F. on their shoes? A: Toes Go In First.
Q: Why do blondes always die before help arrives? A: They always forget the "11" in "9-1-1"
Q: Why do blondes drive BMWs? A: Because they can spell it
Q: Why do blondes drive VW's? A: Because they can't spell PORSCHE!
Q: Why do blondes drive cars with sunroofs?  A: More leg room.
Q: Why do blondes hate M&amp;Ms?  A: They're too hard to peel.
Q: Why do blondes have T.G.I.F. on their shoes? A: Toes Go In First.
Q: Why do blondes have little holes all over their faces? A: From eating with forks
Q: Why do blondes have more fun? A: They don't know any better.
Q: Why do blondes like lightning? A: They think someone is taking their picture
Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering wheels? A: More headroom.
Q: Why do blondes occupy about 90% of the net bandwidth? A: Because they keep accidentally deleting their copies of the Blonde Joke List
Q: Why do blondes use white-out on their computer screens? A: They couldn't find their eraser
Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the sink? A: Because, that's where you're supposed to wash vegetables!
Q: Why do blondes wear green lipstick? A: Because red means stop
Q: Why do blondes wear hoop earrings? A: Ankle rests.
Q: Why do blondes wear shoulder pads? A: (With a rocking of the head from side to side) I dunno!
Q: Why do blondes wear their hair up? A: To catch everything that goes over their heads
Q: Why do blondes work seven days a week? A:   So you don't have to retrain them on Monday
Q: Why do ducks have flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires.  Q: Why do
Q: Why do ducks have flat feet? A: To stamp out forest fires. Q: Why do elephants have flat feet? A: To stamp out flaming ducks
Q: Why do men like blonde jokes? A: Because they can understand them.
Q: Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together? A: To prevent the sensible ones from going home
Q: Why do the Kennedy men cry during sex?  A: Mace!
Q: Why do women like to play PacMan? A: It's the only way they know of to get eaten three times for a quarter
Q: Why does OS/2 come with 20 install disks? A: No CD-ROM support.
Q: Why does OS/2 need 50Mb to install? A: It contains DOS inside.
Q: Why does a baseball pitcher lift one leg when he throws? A: Because he'd fall if he lifted them both
Q: Why does a blonde take the pill? A: So she knows what day it is.
Q: Why does the U.S.S. ENTERPRISE ("Star Trek") stock so much toilet paper? A: To wipe out the Klingons around Uranus
Q: Why don't Blondes eat bananas? A: They can't find the zipper.
Q: Why don't blondes call in an emergency? A: She can't find the number on the telephone buttons
Q: Why don't blondes double recipes? A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees
Q: Why don't blondes eat Jello? A: They can't figure out how to get two cups of water into those little packages
Q: Why don't blondes eat pickles? A: Because they can't get their head in the jar
Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs? A: They don't know the route
Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID? A: Because they can't fit cups of water in the little packet
Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists? A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter
Q: Why don't blondes use vibrators? A: They chip their teeth
Q: Why don't they give Poles a whole hour for lunch?    A: They don't want to have to retrain them
Q: Why is a blonde like a door knob? A: 'Cause everyone gets a turn.
Q: Why is everyone calling me Mua'dib?
Q: Why is it a hassle to install OS/2? A: IBM stuff hate clones
Q: Why is it good to have a blonde passenger? A: You can park in the handicap zone
Q: Why is it illegal to kill flies in Poland?    A: Because that's the national bird
Q: Why is the average age of the Polish Army, 40?    A: Because they take 'em right out of high school!
Q: Why is the universe here?  A: Where else would it be?
Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them
Q: Why should you drink apple juice? A: Because O.J. can kill you!
Q: Why won't sharks attack lawyers? A: Professional courtesy
Q: Why'd the convict want a computer?
Q: You better put your shields at maximum, Picard. Amanda has PMS.
Q: You hit me ! Picard never hit me...
Q: You hit me, Picard never hit me. Sisko: I'm not Picard.
Q: You hit me.  Picard never hit me.
Q: how about they guy who died drinking milk? A: The cow fell on him
Q: how many sysops does it take to screw in a light bulb.&amp;lt;&amp;gt;A: None. They cant get enough donations
Q: inventer of the duck-billed platypus.
Q:Cure for Creationism?  A:Understanding of genetics
Q:Try this toupee Picard. P:(Phaser ZAP!!)NEVER!!%$#^%^#%NO HAIRIER
Q:What do I have to do to convince you people?  Worf:Die.
Q:What do you call Lum's Horns? A:Handlebars!
Q:What do you call a blonde with half a brain?  A: Gifted.
Q:What do you get when you offer a blonde a penny for her thoughts? A:Change
Q:Where does a baby gorrilla sleep? A:In an apricott.
Q:Why do Scots wear kilts?  A:The sheep can hear zippers.
Q:You know what rocks?.......A:Rocks!
Q:how do you confuse a dummy?   A: green
Q?  HAHAHA!  I'm not afraid of a letter of the alphab#$@#&amp;%^NO CARRIER
Q?  What are you&amp;$^#*%@NO CARRIER
QANTAS - Queens And Nymphomaniacs Trained As Stewards
QBDH: Quit and Become a DeadHead
QED...NOT!
QEMM Exception #13: L)ockup, L)ockup, or L)ockup?
QEMM works betta' dan Memmaka'!
QEMM works better than Memmaker!
QEdit and Blue Wave:  The perfect combination!
QEdit:  You got the right one baby! UH-UH!
QEdit: Picard's dream program
QEdit: don't leave home without it.
QHK BID: 3/256, 4/256 QHKPW 345 1/2 QLP BID: -177, -168 QLP.WS BID:
QI'yaH! ghuy'cha'! Qu'vatlh!
QL.COM not loading.  DEL NBC? [Y/N]
QLF?" "RGR, rt ft is tired.  :-}
QMODEM... The Lean, Mean, Communicating Machine!
QMODEM: A new standard in telecommunications!
QModem - what every growing boy needs
QModemPro, OLX 3, GSZ &amp; V32bis - in OS2!
QNet 3.00á þ  þGNETþ COM ONE BBS (609) 627 4960
QOTD:
QOTD:  "He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."
QOTD: "Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"
QOTD: "He's such a hick he doesn't even have a trapeze in his bedroom."
QOTD: "Her other car is a broom."
QOTD: "I treat her like a throughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"
QOTD: "It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."
QOTD: "Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"
QOTD: "She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."
QOTD: "The difference between dark and hard is... it stays dark all night."
QOTD: "The marines and I have something in common; we're both looking for a few good men!"
QOTD: "The only real difference between men and women is that men are crabby all month long."
QOTD: "To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"
QOTD: "Well, let's say she's friendly.  Last year she was the Herpes Poster Girl."
QOTD: "What would the world be like without men?  A lot of fat, happy women."
QOTD: "Whip me, beat me, come all over m%
QOTD: "You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."
QOTD: I get girls because of who I am... a rapist
QOTD: I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday.  She had a firm grip.  He's a lucky man
QOTD: I own my own body, but I share
QOTD: I won't say he's unsavory, but for his birthday he bought himself a pair of velcro gloves
QOTD: No, honey, I've never been circumcised; it's simply wear and tear
QOTD: Sex is like everything else.  To get it done right, do it yourself
QOTD: Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing
QQQQQ     Moderator, ILink F&amp;SF Conference    QQQQQ
QRP: Beep on the Cheap!!
QRUBZ - Are You Busy?
QTI - Troubled by an Idiot
QUADRISEXUAL:  Anything with anyone for $.25
QUAKE - EXEC BRAINLESS.CFG
QUAKE is /&amp;lt;-RAD!
QUAKE will come out in two weeks!
QUAKE will rule the cosmos.  DOOM will then crumble. -J
QUAKE will sink Descent
QUAKE þ Accept no substitute
QUAKE þ Apogee will crumble!
QUAKE þ Beyond the realm of Degreelessness Mode
QUAKE þ Can you feel it?
QUAKE þ DOOM will crumble!
QUAKE þ I can feel it!
QUAKE þ It'll change the way you thing about 3-D gaming!
QUAKE þ It's a Freudian thing
QUAKE þ It's id Software's fault
QUAKE þ Need we say more?
QUAKE þ The Big One hits in '95!
QUAKE.  It's what's for dinner!
QUAKE... and the company that's bringing it to you is id Software
QUAKE:  Anything else is just an aftershock
QUAKE:  Anything less would be uncivilized
QUAKE:  Bludgeoning Apogee!
QUAKE:  Coming to a server near you!
QUAKE:  Cybermen await!
QUAKE:  DOOM wussies need not apply.
QUAKE:  I'd rather be a hammer than a nail!
QUAKE:  I'll shatter your polygons, man!
QUAKE:  If all you have is a hammer, everything looks lik
QUAKE:  It's Hammer Time!
QUAKE:  It's alive!!!
QUAKE:  It's not an Apogee game!
QUAKE:  It's the NeXTstep
QUAKE:  Joe Siegler's nightmare!
QUAKE:  KFA girls need not apply
QUAKE:  Making Apogee squirm!
QUAKE:  SPISPOPD incarnate!
QUAKE:  The Fight for Justice -- id Software's next marve
QUAKE:  The next SPISPOPD!
QUAKE:  There's nothing áeta!
QUAKE:  Upping the frag count on Apogee!
QUAKE:  When you want true 3D!
QUAKE:  àlpha get, I mentioned it!
QUAKE:  áeta than all the rest!
QUAKERS do it quietly
QUALITATIVE RESEARCHERS know what they're looking for.
QUALITY MEATS Poultry Dressed to Order at Any Time. Special Attention Paid to Children. (Ad on the back of a blotter)
QUALITY OF LIFE: What an industrialized nation is said to offer when enough of
QUANDO OMNI FLUNKUS MORITATI (when all else fails, play dead)
QUANTITY - A good substitute for quality when you are hungry
QUANTUM MECHANICS do it discreetly.
QUANTUM MECHANICS do it in leaps
QUANTUM PHYSICIST do it on time.
QUARKBAR:  The candy with flavour and charm.
QUARTET(n):4 people who think the other 3 can't sing.
QUASIMOTO:  4 wheeled hard-top moped made in France.
QUAYLE.BAS:DECLARE SUB elevator (topFloor-1)
QUE SERA SERF Life is feudal
QUEEN NEFERTITI - Mummy Dearest
QUEERS BASH BACK!  Our lives are worth defending!
QUENTIN!!!  WHERE ARE MY MAXI PADS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
QUESTION AUTHORITY - before you're not allowed to
QUICHE?! What kind of food is THAT for a monster to eat?!
QUICK OPERATOR, GIVE ME THE NUMBER TO 911!
QUICK!  The mallet, uh, I mean... The sedative!
QUICK! Call a witch-doctor! My witch is sick!
QUICK! Hand me the cat! The cherry bomb's lit!
QUICK! SHOOT! HE MOVED! -  BATF
QUICK! Send me new taglines.  My friends want to see something origina
QUICK! Somebody hide all the guitar cords...Cobains coming in the shop
QUICK! Throw Wesley to the Borg.
QUICK!!  Pick a color from 1 to 10
QUICK!! loosen the tournequet!!! His face is turning red!!!
QUID PRO QUO,   Doktor!!
QUIET! Tagline auditor seriously &amp;lt;g&amp;gt; at work!
QUIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTT! - Bugs Bunny
QUIP PRO QUO - A fast retort
QUIT YANKING MY FOOD CHAIN!! - Tick to Bear
QUIT YANKING MY FOOD CHAIN!! - Tick to Prehistoric Bear
QUIT is a four letter word! - PC-Hack v. 3.05
QUITCHER BELLYAKIN!
QUOTE OF THE DAY: `
QUUUUIIIIIIEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTT!!!!! Bugs Bunny
QVC SUCKS AND THAT'S ALL!
QVC: Question Valid Command
QVC: Question Valid Command
QW*R*Y keyboard, I can never remember how to spell that!
QWERTY rules!
QWERTY: more fun than a barrel o' num keys!
QWK - MAIL About as useful as AIRBRAKES on a TURTLE.
QWK - when only the best will do
QWK ... I'm too tired to be witty, *pretend* this tagline is.
QWK ... Press Alt+A /OR/ T to adopt me! I need a new home!
QWK Mail: TV for the compulsively literate
QWK QWK said the DCK
QWK is better, don't ride the WAVE, you'll drown
QWK is irrelevant - You will be assimilated into the Blue Wave.
QWK is the disease. Blue Wave is the cure.
QWK slow QWK QWK slow
QWK! Use your off-line reader to answer this
QWK, FIDO and INET compliant tagline formats.
QWK, hurry up and .PAK all the animals into the .ARC!
QWK, like Columbus, brought bad diseases to the Email world!
QWK, more duct tape, our duck has another quack in it!
QWK-Mail's the most fun a person can have, alone, with his clothes on.
QWK.  Invented by Murphy
QWK:  The EDLIN of offline mail formats.
QWK:  The MS-DOS of offline mail formats.
QWK: The VHS of offline mail formats
QWK? I don't need no stinkin' QWK packet!
QWK? Its tracks were washed out by a Blue Wave!
QWKRR128 - Read 'n' Reply offline with a C=128
QWKRR128 V4.32 [U] Read 'n' Reply offline with a C=128
QWKie V1.0 UNREGISTERED - Offline read/reply for the C64
QWYA: Quit While Your Ahead
QWaK! QWak! SPLASH!  Another QWaKer washed out by the Wave.
QWacK!  QWacK!  [BLAM]  "Boy, I sure do love Duck Season!!!"
QWacK.... QWacK.... QWacK! @TOFIRST@? Where's my shotgun?
QWacK.... QWacK.... QWacK! Damn, Where's my shotgun?
QYNAOpWAXWmyfXpDqTv
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
QaHtaSvIS wa' ram loS SaD Hugh SIjlaH qetbogh loD
Qagh -- it's not just for breakfast anymore!
Qagh is best when served live.
Qagh...it's not just for breakfast anymore!
Qapla' to you too. - Quark
Qedit = TSE Junior.  Now with built-in mouse support!
Qedit, or forget it!
Qfront - It's Not Just For Mailruns Anymore
Qgoslavia. Q breaks away from the Continuum.
Qin.tar \kin-'tAr\ n [Alb] -- see lek at MONEY table.
Qmail,Qdeluxe,Qedit - Quite Definitely the BEST!
Qmodem changed my life - I used it download Robocomm
Qmodem changed my life.  I used it to download Telemate!
Qmodem changed my life..I used it to get Telix.
Qmodem is a happy modem!
Qmodem is very useful - it can download {COMMO}.
Qmodem keeps appearing on friend's disks
Qmodem saved my Life!  I used it to download Boyan 5.0!
Qmodem saved my life; I used it to download TELIX!
Qmodem... When you only have time for the best!
Qmodem: What every growing man named a- needs!
Qmodem: what every aging woman named Carol needs! []
QmodemPro for Windows -- 1994 Dvorak Award Winner
Qo'nos (Kronos) IS the Klingon homeworld.
Qpie. Q becomes a living doll.
Qu-est-ce que vous croyez que c'est cela, du pate de foie?
QuGotta run; de cat's caught in de printa' again.
Quack!
Quack!	Quack!! Quack!!
Quadratic sport fishing.
Quadriphobia - Fear of 4-way stops and not knowing who goes next.
Quadrophenia:  Album by The Who.
Quadrophilia:  A liking for 4 channel music systems.
Quadrotriticale is irrelevant. -- Borgisized tribble
Quadrotriticale....3.56 billion tribbles can't be wrong!
Quadruplets: Four crying out loud.
Quail, crush, conclude, and quell. * Shakespeare
Quak.er-la.dies \,kwA-kar-'lAd-Ez\ n pl : BLUETS.
Quake: (TV interview) - "I'm staying, it's 51 below where I come from"
Quake: (TV interview) - "I've had it, I'm going to Florida"
Quake: 99% of those folks out there will stay there.
Quaker                    Get thy sh*t together, Friend
Quaker pickup line: "Are thee at barn raisings often?"
Quaker threat: Pardon, brother, thou standst where I'm about to shoot
Quakers DO IT quietly
Quakers do it quietly.
Quakers do it with Friends
Qualify virtually everything.
Quality Assurance dosen't.
Quality Control? You mean it might get out of hand?
Quality assurance
Quality assurance: A way to ensure you never deliver shoddy goods accidentally.
Quality before quantity, I say!
Quality control people DO IT, and rate it with inspected by #15
Quality education?!?!? BWAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Quality in everything I due
Quality instead of quantity. &amp;lt;g&amp;gt;
Quality instead of quantity. &lt;g&gt;
Quality is job 1.1 - Microsoft
Quality is just a word we like to use
Quality is never an accident.
Quality is never having to say you are sorry.
Quality is perceived by the customer not proclaimed by the supplier.
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten. - Gucci family slogan
Quality is to be found in absolutely everything I due.
Quality minded witches use spell checkers
Quality must not only exist - it must be perceived by the customer.
Quality service
Quality taglines 4$ale!  First come, first serve
Quality, Price, Service..., pick any two.
Qualye, the edlinE of VPs.
Quand j'étais petit, je voulais devenir moi. Et mon rêve d'enfance s'est
Quand l'app‚tit va, tout va
Quand le puit est a sec, on sait ce que vaut l'eau
Quando Omni Flunkus Moritati - Possum Lodge Motto
Quando Omni Flunkus Moritatus!  (When all else fails, play dead!)
Quantex Technical Support Level 2
Quantity Discounts Available...just ASK !
Quantity is inversely proportional to quality.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but it is the only one we have
Quantized Revision of Murphy's Law:
Quantized Revision of Murphy's Law: Everything goes wrong all at once.
Quantum Ducks: Quark, Quark, Quark!
Quantum Erasure - A small, oddly behaved musical group.
Quantum Leap Virus: One day your PC is a laptop, next it's a
Quantum Leap:  Hard to explain, fun to watch
Quantum Leap:  It's not just a show, it's a way of life.
Quantum Mechanics - the dreams stuff is made of
Quantum Mechanics are &amp;lt;psi&amp;gt;chotic
Quantum Mechanics do it with uncertainty.
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."
Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces! -- Overheard at last year's Archimedeans' Garden Party
Quantum Mechanics, Chaos and Complexity, oh my!
Quantum Mechanics, n. - The dreams that stuff is made of
Quantum Mechanics:  The dreams stuff is made of
Quantum Particle: Liberal's Brain
Quantum Particles: the dreams that stuff is made of
Quantum Physicists do it in fields and on time.
Quantum Physics For Absolute Morons
Quantum Physics For Absolute Morons
Quantum Physics:
Quantum Physics: Liberal's brain
Quantum Tagline: Blank until its wave function collapses
Quantum Trek:  Time travel with a twist!
Quantum est ille canis in fenestra?
Quantum in una hora imputasi?
Quantum leap... I like that, I like that a lot. -- Moe Stein
Quantum mechanicians do it by leaps and bounds
Quantum mechanics DO IT discreetly
Quantum mechanics DO IT in leaps.
Quantum mechanics do it discreetly
Quantum mechanics do it in leaps.
Quantum mechanics do it nonlocally.
Quantum mechanics use extremely small tools.
Quantum mechanics....."Quanta Fixed Fast!"
Quantum mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of
Quantum particles: The dreams that stuff is made of.
Quantum particles: the dreams that stuff is made of.  -- David Moser
Quantum physicists are quarky lovers. -- Miriam Ferziger
Quantum physicists need love too. -- Debbie Brown
Quantum physics predicts the past with 80% accuracy
Quarantine   : A four-masted ship.
Quarantine:  Traditional four-masted plague ship.
Quark Express: A Ferengi credit program.
Quark has a old Cardassian space station for sale near Bajor.
Quark has plenty of reasons to feel guilty... - Odo
Quark of Borg: I've got a wonderfull deal on assimilations today.
Quark smiled to Worf, "Beware!  I'm known as a slayer of Klingons!"
Quark the Ferengi goes Quantity Surveying
Quark the Ferengi. Perot the Texan. Separated at birth?
Quark to Odo, you still with us? Don't sound TOO disappointed.
Quark to Odo.  You still with us?
Quark to Odo.  You still with us? -- Quark
Quark to his brother, "I hear she gives really good ear."
Quark!  Gimme a Raktajino!  THANKS, MORN!
Quark!  Quark!  Beware the quantum duck!
Quark! &amp;lt;SLAP!&amp;gt; I told you to never talk to me again! -- Natima
Quark! Quark! Have you been stealing this ladies taglines? - Odo
Quark's Rule #286: When Morn leaves, it's all over.
Quark's new music souvenirs includes "Classic Chants of Bajoran Monks"
Quark's now selling the book, "The Hitchikers Guide to the Promenade"
Quark, Morn is stuck in an old power conduit dressed in a Santa suit!
Quark, can you make me a Pangalactic Gargleblaster?
Quark, his arms open wide.  Pel, her ears falling off.
Quark. This kanar has gone bad. - Dax
Quark:  "He threatened to KILL me!"  Odo:  &amp;lt;grins&amp;gt;
Quark: "I am not a killer!"   Odo: "No, but most of your friends are."
Quark: "It's _not_ what you think!"       Odo: "It'd better not be!"
Quark: "What can I do for you, Major?"  Kira: "Get lost."
Quark: "What can I get for you Major?"        Kira: "Get lost?!!"
Quarken:  A Ferengi Financial Program
Quarks - - The CHEERS of the 24th century, and beyond
Quarks DO IT with spin and strangeness
Quarks DO IT, but they only get 1/3 of a charge out of it
Quarks Used Spaceships - Honest Deals With A Friendly Ferengi Smile
Quarks do it with energy.
Quarks do it with spin and strangeness.
Quarks do it, but they only get 1/3 of a charge out of it.
Quarks for sale- Comes in six flavors!
Quarks new line of souvenirs: apples with wormholes in them.
Quarks new product:A bed for newlyweds with inertial dampeners fitted
Quarks new product:A bed with inertial dampeners fitted for newlyweds
Quarrels would not last long if the fault was only on one side. - La Rochefoucald
Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side. - Francois de La Rochefoucauld
Quarry: Better Tastin' 'Cause It's Mined
Quarterbacks DO IT from behind
Quarterbacks DO IT with a snap
Quarterbacks do it by making passes at the receiver.
Quarterbacks do it from behind
Quarterbacks do it with a snap.
Quartet - where all four think the other three can't sing
Quartet: one good singer and three friends.
Quartet: where all four think the other three can't sing.
Quasar, Quasar, Burning Bright.
Quasars shift red, Hot stars burn blue. Space is warped and so are U.
Quasimodem...He connected, sort of.
Quasimodo is a dead ringer
Quasimodo?  That name rings a bell
Quatrotriticale....3.56 billion tribbles can't be wrong!
Quaver - Beginning violinists
Quayl of Borg: I will assimilat you.
Quayl(e).."Don't forget to VOT
Quayle Bonds -- no interest, no maturity.
Quayle Borg: Inhaling is irrelevant
Quayle Library Burns: Comic Collectors Devastated!
Quayle Library burns:  Both books are lost!
Quayle Motto: Fools with money can be elected.
Quayle Virus - Their is sumthing rong with yor compueter.
Quayle can't spell and Clinton can't add. So what?
Quayle is Clinton's best hope for reelection.
Quayle is life insurance for Bush!
Quayle just took an IQ test.  The results were negative
Quayle of Borg - Inhaling is irrelevant
Quayle of Borg: Speling is irelevante.
Quayle watches Murphy Brown but who would watch Qu
Quayle/Bono in '96.....Let's REALLY screw things up!
Quayle: The incredible living bulletproof vest
Quayle: The other white meat!
Que Dieu benisse les paiens!  -Homer
Que es mi barco mi tesoro, que es mi Dios la libertad
Que pasa, Senorita? I am El Fugitivo! - Calvin
Que pasa?.... "How's your raisins?"
Que sais-je?
Que se haga justicia aunque se desplomen los cielos
Que sera, Sahara: What will be, gets sand in your shorts.
Que sera, Sanskrit: What will be, won't be understood.
Que sera, Saturn: What will be, has rings around it.
Que sera, Senator: What will be, will play with our money.
Que sera, Shakespeare: What will be, Will writes sonnets.
Que sera, Sherlock: What will be, is elementary.
Que sera, Skipper: What will be, knows Gilligan.
Que sera, Spock: What will be, has pointy ears.
Que sera, saccharin: What will be, will cause cancer.
Que sera, sacrifice: What will be, will demand payment.
Que sera, sacrilege: What will be, is anti-religious.
Que sera, salami: What will be, will go good with mustard.
Que sera, salary: What will be, gets paid.
Que sera, saliva: What will be, will make you drool.
Que sera, saliva: What will be, will spit on you.
Que sera, salmon: What will be, will swim upstream.
Que sera, samba: What will be, will dance.
Que sera, sanity: What will be, is off its rocker.
Que sera, sarcophagus: What will be, only mummy knows.
Que sera, sawbuck: What will be, will cost $10.00.
Que sera, scapegoat: What will be, will be to blame.
Que sera, scarab: What will be, rolls the sh*t around.
Que sera, scarecrow: What will be, has straw for brains.
Que sera, scarlet: What will be, will wear a red letter.
Que sera, scavenge: What will be, will eat junk.
Que sera, schematic: What will be, will have a plan.
Que sera, schizophrenia: What will be, is of two minds.
Que sera, science: What will be, will wait to be proven.
Que sera, scissors: What will be, will cut it.
Que sera, scramble: What will be, will be all mixed up.
Que sera, scrapbook: What will be, will keep mementos.
Que sera, scrawl: What will be, is a doctor.
Que sera, scribble: What will be, can't write.
Que sera, scruple: What will be, will have ethics.
Que sera, sea legs: What will be, will walk funny.
Que sera, seance: What will be, is ectoplasmic.
Que sera, seasick: What will be, is green around the gills.
Que sera, seasick: What will be, will lean over the rail.
Que sera, secret: What will be, won't be told.
Que sera, sedative: What will be, is asleep.
Que sera, seduce: What will be, is very desirable.
Que sera, seesaw: What will be, will go up and down.
Que sera, semaphore: What will be, is in code.
Que sera, senile: What will be, won't remember.
Que sera, senior: What will be, is older than you.
Que sera, sensible: What will be, is no fun.
Que sera, sensitive: What will be, has feelings, too!
Que sera, sensual:  What will be, is sexy.
Que sera, sentence: What will be, gets 20 to life.
Que sera, separation: What will be, will want a divorce.
Que sera, sera
Que sera, serenade: What will be, sings under balconies.
Que sera, sergeant: What will be, is NOT your mother!
Que sera, serious:  What will be, has no sense of humor.
Que sera, serrated: What will be, will have teeth.
Que sera, seven: What will be, will be a deadly sin.
Que sera, sexual: What will be, will f*ck.
Que sera, shadow: What will be, will be an illusion.
Que sera, shaman: What will be, will shake a rattle.
Que sera, sheriff: What will be, will have a badge.
Que sera, shiner: What will be, will have a black eye.
Que sera, shoplifter: What will be, won't pay for it.
Que sera, shopper: What will be, is looking for bargains.
Que sera, shoulder: What will be, has bursitis.
Que sera, shovel: What will be, digs us.
Que sera, shuffle: What will be, can't dance.
Que sera, shuffle: What will be, will play poker.
Que sera, shut-eye: What will be, is asleep.
Que sera, sibyl: What will be, KNOWS.
Que sera, siesta: What will be, will take a nap.
Que sera, silly: What will be, will have too much fun.
Que sera, silo: What will be, is in storage.
Que sera, simulate: What will be, will make believe.
Que sera, simulate: What will be, will pretend.
Que sera, sincere: What will be, will really mean it.
Que sera, sinister: What will be, will be left handed.
Que sera, sirrah!
Que sera, sister: What will be, is relative.
Que sera, sizzle: What will be, will be really HOT!
Que sera, skimpy: What will be, will wear a bikini.
Que sera, skyclad: What will be, will be naked.
Que sera, slenderize: What will be, is on a diet.
Que sera, slicker: What will be, is a yellow raincoat.
Que sera, slobber: What will be, will drool.
Que sera, snapshot: What will be, will have a camera.
Que sera, sniffles: What will be, will have a cold.
Que sera, snorkel: What will be, will dive.
Que sera, snowball: What will be, will have a chance.
Que sera, snowflake: What will be, won't be the same.
Que sera, sofa: What will be, will like couch potatoes.
Que sera, software: What will be, will be obsolete.
Que sera, solo: What will be, will be all alone.
Que sera, somersault: What will be, is an acrobat.
Que sera, sonnet: What will be, will rhyme.
Que sera, sonorous: What will be, will sound good.
Que sera, sour grapes: What will be, will make vinegar.
Que sera, southern: What will be, will eat grits.
Que sera, sovereign: What will be, RULES!
Que sera, species: What will be, might be human(?)
Que sera, specimen: What will be, is only a sample.
Que sera, spectator: What will be, watches.
Que sera, spiral: What will be, goes round and round.
Que sera, spirit: What will be, will have no substance.
Que sera, splendor: What will be, will be in the grass.
Que sera, squinting: What will be, will need glasses.
Que sera, stabbing: What will be, will be called O.J.
Que sera, sterile: What will be, will be really clean.
Que sera, stipend: What will be, gets paid - a little.
Que sera, stripper: What will be, will take it all off.
Que sera, stubble: What will be, will need a shave.
Que sera, stupid: What will be, just won't know.
Que sera, submerge: What will be, will go down.
Que sera, suffice: What will be, will be enough.
Que sera, sultan: What will be, RULES!
Que sera, summit: What will be, will be on top.
Que sera, support: What will be, will hold up.
Que sera, surrender: What will be, will give up.
Que sera, sweatshop: What will be, will work too hard.
Que sera, symptom: What will be, will be a sign.
Que sera, synthetic: What will be, will be artificial.
Que sera, synthetic: What will be, won't be real.
Que sera, syrup: What will be, will be sweet.
Quebec bra: instead of uplifting, it separates.
Quebec bras... They don't lift, they only separate!
Quebec intellectual
Quebec: Other provinces basically bribe you to stay in Canada.
Queeg:  Affectionate slang term for ship's captain.
Queen Bee:  The power behind the drone.
Queen Elizabeth Files Paternity Suit Against Mariah Carey -- Claiming Sex Change
Queen Elizabeth rules, UK?
Queen bee--the power behind the drone
Queen jealousy, Envy, waits behind him
Queen of Light took her bow, and then she turned to go -Led Zep
Queen to Queen's level three.
Queen: We had peace * Mike: And carrots
Queens are always expectANT.
Queens never make bargains
Queensland - the best State in Aussie
Queer is beautiful - Dave Hatch
Queers don't recruit.  Christians do
Queers: Honesty, love, and unity are *our* Family Values!
Quel frommage!
Quel traitement suivez-vous?
Quem cedo madruga... fica com sono o resto do dia
Quench not the Spirit. (1 The 5:19) *
Quench not the Spirit. - 1 Thessalonians 5:19
Quenching a swords temper in peasants has been outlawed.
Query sir, `Low mileage pit woofie'? - Data
Query: Does this information have any practical value?  - K9
Question Authority
Question Authority - but not your mother.
Question Authority, ask me anything
Question Authority.
Question Authority. OK, sir. Sez who?
Question Authority...  and the Authorities will question you!
Question Reality.
Question and die, sayeth the CZAR!
Question and die, sayeth the SYSOP!
Question anything that begins: Obviously
Question anything that starts "Obviously..."
Question authority - continually, diligently, persistently.
Question authority and Odo will question you!
Question authority and authorities will question you
Question authority before authority questions you
Question authority!  (But raise your hand first.)
Question authority--especially if you're paying for it.
Question authority; ask me anything
Question is irrelevant. --Borg Teacher
Question people who don't question people who don't question authority
Question stuff
Question your own authority! -  gypsy pete
Question:  will he grow careless? - Kirk
Question: How can you tell that an attorney is about to lie? Answer: His lips begin to move
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?
Question: Man Invented Alcohol, God Invented Grass.  Who do you trust?
Question: Man invented alcohol. God invented grass. Who d
Question: What's black and brown and looks good on a lawyer?
Question: Why are lawyers like nuclear weapons?
Question? Ask ALL. ALL knows an awful lot!
Questionable day
Questions I know the answers to I don't need to ask, right ? - Calvin
Questions are a Burden to Others
Questions are a burden for others, answers are a prison for oneself.
Questions are instruments of perception.  - Plato
Questions are never indiscreet; answers sometimes are.  -Oscar Wilde
Questions are the beginning of wisdom,the mark of a TRUE warrior.-Worf
Questions are the beginnings of wisdom. --  Worf
Questions! Questions! Questions! Is that all you ever ask?
Questions, questions questions!
Questions, questions! Does it ever end?!
Questions, questions, always questions
Questions: $5.00.  Answers: $10.00. (Inflation - don't you know.)
Questions: 50 cents.  Answers: $1
Questions? C:\moderatr.exe\shoot\on_sight.run
Qui a coupe' le fromage.  Who cut the cheese. - F!
Qui non laborat non manducet
Qui regarde les gardiens?
Qui stipes!
Qui tacet consenti! Qui timide rogat docet negare!
Qui trop embrasse mal entreint. (Grab much, gain little.)
QuiQue says: Sniff Before You Dig
Quick - Cheap - Good Pick 2. - Dennis Robertus
Quick @FN@, what color is an Orange? "Is this Multiple Choice?"
Quick @TOFIRST@, hide...It's Thanksgiving time!
Quick @TOFIRST@, what color is an Orange? "Is this Multiple Choice?"
Quick Gary, what color is an Orange?
Quick Gregory, are you tall or short for your height?
Quick Joe, think of something cute &amp; ethnic! - Crow
Quick Kelly what color is an orange? RE: Is this multiple choice?
Quick Orville what color is an Orange? Is this Multiple Choice?
Quick Robin, hand me the shark repellent.
Quick Robin, to the Batmobile.
Quick Sarah, into the TARDIS !!  -- Doctor Who
Quick YOU, what color is an Orange? "Is this Multiple Choice?"
Quick and Dirty Program .....is only half right.
Quick and Dirty Programming is only half right
Quick as a flashlight.
Quick fix
Quick hide the bodies.  The moderator cometh.
Quick impression:  Caw, Caw!  *BANG*  F*ck, I'm dead! -- Top Dollar
Quick operator- Give me the number for 911!
Quick reboot
Quick somebody, call CNN!
Quick thinking: Offers plausible excuses for errors -work
Quick thinking: Offers plausible excuses for errors -work evaluationese
Quick to judge, quick to anger.... slow to understand.
Quick!  Beam me up, Scotty. It ate my phaser!!
Quick!  Call a witch-doctor:  my witch is sick!
Quick!  Call the Vice Squad!  Someone's mounting a disk drive!
Quick!  Can you hum the "Star Trek: Voyager" theme music?
Quick!  Change your password!  The Sysop's hacked your account!
Quick!  Close your mind!  Something might get in!
Quick!  Don't act!  Wait NOW!
Quick!  Everybody run around! -- Crow T. Robot
Quick!  Follow the singer! -- Crow T. Robot
Quick!  Hand me that solar powered flashlight!
Quick!  Hand me the cat!  The cherry bomb is lit!
Quick!  Hide all the religious pamphlets!
Quick!  Hide all the religious pamphlets! said Tom distractingly
Quick!  I need a tagline, let me steal yours.
Quick!  I see a moderator!  Change the subject, FAST!
Quick!  I see a sysop!  Change the subject, FAST!
Quick!  Kick me in the head! -- Crow T. Robot
Quick!  Lean back!  It's our only hope! -- Crow T. Robot
Quick!  Let's fix the Hubble so we can find the martian probe.
Quick!  Let's get out of here before they bring him back. - Cat
Quick!  Make a wish!  It has a chance to come true.
Quick!  Operator!  Give me the number for 911!
Quick!  Pass me the duck tape!  My BlueWave has a QWaK in it!
Quick!  Pick a letter from 1 to 1000
Quick!  Pick up the phone!
Quick!  Say something profound in 45 characters or le
Quick!  Send duck tape!  My duck is quacked!
Quick!  Throw me a mackeral! -- Opus Penguin
Quick!  You!  Make a Fright Check at -6 now!
Quick! Bring the hammer! There's a fly on Geco's nose.
Quick! Change the channel! - Zangeif
Quick! Close Mind before Useful Information can get in
Quick! Close your mind!! Something might get in.
Quick! Everybody run around! - Crow on red alert
Quick! Everyone run for your lives !!
Quick! Follow the singer - Crow as Frankie Avalon runs
Quick! Hand me the cat! The cherry bomb is lit!
Quick! Have sex before the government finds a way to tax it!
Quick! Hide all the religious pamphlets! said Tom distractingly.
Quick! Hide the bodies, the moderator's coming!
Quick! I see a Moderator! Change the subject, FAST!
Quick! Is your Church or Religious Beliefs approved by the kgBATF?
Quick! Kick me in the head! - Crow w/football on head
Quick! Lean back! It's our only hope - Crow
Quick! My LightQuarterStaff!! --Stupid Jedi
Quick! Pick a letter from 1 to 10
Quick! Pick a positive integer from -ì to 0
Quick! Pick a smell from apples to yams
Quick! Say something profound in 57 characters or less!
Quick! The BORG are coming! Try to look useless!
Quick! The Borg are on our tails! Toss Sailor Kamek out the window!!
Quick! This is an emergency! Send me all your cookies!
Quick! Throw me a mackeral! -- Opus Penguin
Quick! You! Make a Fright Check at -6 now!
Quick! give them a Dork pick-up line! That'll scare 'em off!
Quick! hand me that solar-powered flashlight.
Quick!!  Act as if nothing has happened!
Quick!!  The Borg are coming, Try and look useless!
Quick!! Act as if nothing has happened!
Quick!...What's another word for synonym?
Quick!...What's another word for thesaurus?
Quick, @TO@, close your mind!  Something might get in!
Quick, @TOFIRST@, send your wife over to train my girlfriend!
Quick, Clinton's getting somewhere, trot out another bimbo!
Quick, Dad!  Hook up the modem!  Data's about to say something!
Quick, Henry, the FLIT!
Quick, I need a Tagline, let me steal yours
Quick, I need a recipe, let me snag yours.
Quick, I need a tagline, let me steal yours
Quick, I see the moderator!  Change the subject, FAST!
Quick, Kevin, send your wife over to train my girlfriend!
Quick, Natasha.  Shoot Moose
Quick, Natasha. Shoot Moose and Squirrel!
Quick, Orville, send your wife over to train my girlfriend!
Quick, Robin!  To the Batmobile!
Quick, bring the hammer! There's a fly on @F's head!
Quick, bring the hammer! There's a fly on Orville Bullitt's head.
Quick, burn the books.
Quick, call a Witch Doctor.  My witch is sick!
Quick, call a Witch Doctor.  My witch is sick! ___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12
Quick, call a Witch Doctor.  My witch is sick!=FF=FE
Quick, call a Witch Doctor. My lawyer is sick!
Quick, call the fashion police. - Dot
Quick, call the food police.
Quick, close your mind!   Something might get in.
Quick, delete all log files!
Quick, fundie! Close your mind; something might get in.
Quick, gimme a hammer! There's a fly on @N@'s head.
Quick, gimme a hammer! There's a fly on your head!
Quick, gimme a hammer...there's a fly on Elminster's head!
Quick, hide the bodies!  The moderator cometh!
Quick, hire teenagers while they still know everything.
Quick, it's the Picard Manoeuvre! Get his shirt before he tucks it in!
Quick, kids! Your mother is about to flame someone!
Quick, let's fix the Hubble, so we can find the Mars Probe!
Quick, look useless, the Borg are coming!
Quick, man!  20 dozen McNuggets to go!!  And make it snappy!! - Opus
Quick, man! Cling tenaciously to my buttocks!
Quick, pick a color from 1 to 10!
Quick, press another key!
Quick, pull my finger to see the next message
Quick, send duck tape!  My duck is quacked!
Quick, sing me the BUDAPEST NATIONAL ANTHEM!!
Quick, tagline me! -Twopaw
Quick, we have to flush them to Hoagie! -Dr. Fred
Quick, what color is an Orange?
Quick, where's your air hose?
Quick- what's another word for 'aphasia'?
Quick.  Operator.  Give me the number for 911.
Quick. The Borg are coming! Try and look useless.
Quick...name ONE issue Clinton hasn't waffled on
QuickBASIC
QuickBasic: To boldly go where no basic has gone before
QuickC, QuickBasic, TurboPascal; Why's it all so fast?
Quickanddirtyarrangementoftaglinesrelatingto "SEX"
Quicker than the groom on a wedding night!
Quickest way to get into a blondes pants? Pick them up off the floor
Quickie: No sooner spread than done.
Quickling a knight-errant without a ladylove
Quickling is temperamental: 50% temper, 50% mental, and 100% attitude!
Quickling is your slander-detector? - Vhujunka
Quickly pick a number from A to Z.
Quickly! Grab your wand, you fool! -Tom the Dungeonmaster
Quickly, I must hurry, for there go my people and I am their leader
Quickly, Robin... to the Batmobile!
Quickly, pick a color from 1 to 10.
Quid Malburg and Plano, consternation turned to elucidation!
Quid fit?
Quid pro Quixote: Something for a windmill.
Quid pro quabala: Something for the ceremony.
Quid pro quack: Something for a duck.
Quid pro quack: Something for a phoney.
Quid pro quaff: Something for a drink.
Quid pro quagmire: Something for the swamp.
Quid pro quake:  Something for the earth mover.
Quid pro quake: Something for the shakes.
Quid pro quantity: Something for everything.
Quid pro quarter: Something for money.
Quid pro quarter: Something times four.
Quid pro queasy: Something for morning sickness.
Quid pro queen: Something for Elizabeth.
Quid pro queen: Something for a fairy.
Quid pro queer: Something for a homophobe.
Quid pro quench: Something for a thirst.
Quid pro query: Something for an answer.
Quid pro quest: Something for the Holy Grail.
Quid pro quiet: Something for the library.
Quid pro quill: Something for a Paper-Mate.
Quid pro quilt: Something for a cold winter night.
Quid pro quim: Something for nookie.
Quid pro quinine: Something for jungle fever.
Quid pro quip: Something for a joke.
Quid pro quirk: Something for a weirdo.
Quid pro quit: Something for unemployment.
Quid pro quiver: Something for an arrow.
Quid pro quo, Doctor. -- Clarice Starling
Quid quid requiritur - Whatever it takes!
Quidonno Llamas!
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur. (Anything said in Latin sounds profound.)
Quien con perros se acuesta con pulgas se levanta.
Quien da el pan impone la ley.
Quieres que te frio un huevo?
Quiet Please -- This next trick is impossible!
Quiet desperation is better than noisy desperation
Quiet iorich won't forget
Quiet iorich won't forget, Sly chreotha weaves his net. - S. Brust
Quiet is what home would be without children.
Quiet or I'll give you a touch of me truncheon.
Quiet please, I am analyzing. &amp;lt;Burp&amp;gt; -- Robbie
Quiet, can't you see I'm living?
Quiet, don't type so hard, I have a headache
Quiet, fool! - Tom Servo, Dungeonmaster
Quiet, you masochistic miscreant. - Lawrence Limburger
Quiet, you petroleum based poltroon! - Lawrence Limburger
Quiet, you!  Here comes Captain Stimpy! --Ren
Quiet...An impossibility these days
Quietly Consume Excrement and Cease to Exist, Please.
Quigley's Law: Whoever has any authority over you, no matter how small, will atttempt to use it
QuikMenu log : MATH RESCUE - 8.7173E+2132 hrs    Delete children (Y/N) ?
QuikMenu log : Math Rescue - 17,321,032 hrs      Delete children (Y/N)?
Quilt 'til you wilt!
Quilters are the Piecemakers
Quilters don't do buttons
Quilting forever...housework whenever!
Quilting is my passion (chocolate comes in a close second)
Quimp - The person who leaves a party early
Quincy, Ma:  It is illegal to roller skate down a street
Quindam: a mother of five babies.
Quinine is the bark of a tree; canine is the bark of a dog
Quinn Martin considers this his most personal film - Tom
Quintuple A: American Association Against Acronym Abuse.
Quiplash - Your front bumper sticker doesn't jive with the back one
Quips For The Young At Heart - By Marty Pants
Quire the inquiry,  sert the insertable.
Quirt: a riding whip with a short handle and a rawhide lash.
Quis custodiet iposos custodes?       - Who watches the Watchmen?
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? --Satires.
Quit BBSing; the wife and dog will be friendlier.
Quit acting so childish
Quit beating around the bush, Beakman! -- Lester
Quit breathing... Your bad breath is destroying the ozone!
Quit bringing up reality
Quit bringing up reality, this is FidoNet!
Quit bringing up reality, this is Interlink!!
Quit bringing up reality, this is Taglines  FD!
Quit bringing up reality, this is fun!
Quit bringing up reality...
Quit clowing around up there! -- Dr. Forrester
Quit complaining and swallow!
Quit complaining, Warp installed MOST of itself
Quit crying! Stand up and be a MAN,like Eleanor Roosvelt!
Quit dabbing your neck on my property - Crow
Quit farting. You're damaging the ozone!
Quit feeling your oats in public! Eat your oatmeal with a spoon!
Quit horsing around! - Henry to Hawkeye and Trapper
Quit laughing. I'm trying to humiliate you - Crow
Quit licking my hand! - Crow as girl muzzles other girl
Quit loafing in my van - Crow on bread truck
Quit looking for Michael in London, try the playgrounds.
Quit now!!! System reboot in 5 sec!!!
Quit playin' with that thing
Quit playing around with the transporter! - O'Brien
Quit playing with the food
Quit playing with your floppies!!!!
Quit quoting me, you blubbering twit! - Confucius
Quit reading mail, load your word processor, and write that book!
Quit rustling that celophane - Crow on fire sound effect
Quit rustling that celophane! -- Crow T. Robot
Quit smiling. You're scaring the children
Quit squirming! - Tom to hammy actor
Quit staring at this ... and I mean NOW!
Quit stealing... congress hates competition!!!
Quit sucking up. Do I look like a straw?
Quit uploading naughty GIFs into my hard drive
Quit wearing my things - Crow as guy to girl in lingerie
Quit work and play for once!
Quit work at fire hydrant factory: no place to park
Quit working and play for once!
Quit worrying about your health, it will go away.
Quit worrying about your health.  It'll go away. -- Robert Orben
Quit yer bellyakin', @FN@.
Quit yer bellyakin', @TOFIRST@
Quit yer bellyakin', Bullitt.
Quit yer bellyakin', Orville.
Quit yer bellyakin', Wright.
Quit yer bellyakin', YOU.
Quit your aimless clucking
Quit your clowing, mango! -- Dr. Forrester
Quit yourselves like men and fight. - 1 Samuel 4:9
Quite a Festival they had. - Kirk
Quite a long distance call, isn't it? --Mulder
Quite a long distance call, isn't it?" - FM on talking with God 3x11
Quite a long line at the petty larceny window - Crow
Quite a motley crew you've assembled here, @TOFIRST@
Quite a motley crew you've assembled here, Benji - Q
Quite a motley crew you've assembled here, Orville.
Quite a motley crew you've gathered here, Benjy.
Quite a sight, isn't it? - Bashir
Quite a sight, isn't it? - Chakotay
Quite agree, quite agree, too silly, far too silly
Quite an interesting Tagline.  Think I'll take it with me.
Quite an interesting tagline, I think I'll take it.
Quite an interesting tagline. Think I'll take it with me.
Quite an interesting taglineI'll have one to go, please.
Quite an rb
Quite frankly, I don't know how it ends. - Kirk
Quite frankly, I don't understand why you haven't said, "Thank you!"
Quite frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn, said Tom rhetorically.
Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children
Quite painless, actually, but there's no known antidote. Thelev
Quite right, Doctor, he has the ingredients for a bomb.
Quite simply, we're omnipotant. - Q
Quite stimulating, wouldn't you say? -- Worf
Quite unnecessary to raise your voice... - Spock
Quitters never win and winners never quit!
Quitting smoking is easy..I've done it hundreds of times!
Quiz--Democrats are: 1)Beyond hope 2)Lost 3)Nobody cares
Qulit til you wilt!
Quod Sic Et Cetera Pluribus Per Annum -The Pope to Clinton -D. Barry
Quod erat demonstrandum y'all
Quod erat demonstrandum. [Thus it is proven.  For those who wondered WTF QED means.]
Quod esset demonstrandum! :)
Quod vidit audioamblitur?  (Who watches the Walkman?)
Quoique vous en pensiez, ceci n'est PAS un tag!
Quota: n. A New Yorker's Way of saying 25 cents
Quotalingus: The ability to quote more than you can post!
Quotation, n. The act of repeating erroneously the words of another. -- Ambrose Bierce
Quotation: erroneous repetition of words of another.
Quotations are for people who are not saying things worth quoting
Quotations are for people who don't say things themselves worth quoting
Quotations are for people who never say things worth quoting
Quotations by @FN@ "Proof is not required" @LN@.
Quotations by Jack "Proof is Not Required" Butler.
Quote everything! There are people out there that HATE that!
Quote from someone I know: ``I'm an atheist, thank God.''
Quote from the Brooklyn Shakespeare Festival "To be, or what?"
Quote me if I'm wrong.
Quote message? i think so!
Quote the Raven 'Hey, lick me, buddy!'
Quote the Raven never more.  -Raven
Quote the Raven, "Eat my Shorts!"
Quote the Raven: FUGGETABOUDIT!
Quote the maven, "Danny Moore"
Quote to make a parent curious - "Puppies don't flush."
Quoteothon of the Python
Quotes from Samuel Goldwyn, immigrant turned famous movie producer:
Quotes?  We ain' got no quotes.  We don' need no steenking quotes!!!
Quoth Doug Pirko, "Nevermore, a week today."
Quoth Matt Keeley, "Nevermore".
Quoth the Borg:  "Commercials are irrelevant."
Quoth the Dannys:  "Never Flirt."
Quoth the Eeyore, 'Never mind.' - Edgar Allen Pooh
Quoth the Lesbian: "Lick me honey!"
Quoth the Maven Rvermore.
Quoth the Modem, "geddup, you steenking bore!"
Quoth the Raven "Eat my Shorts!"
Quoth the Raven "Hey, lick me, buddy!"
Quoth the Raven "Nevermind"
Quoth the Raven 'Nevermore'"
Quoth the Raven ... "Eat my Shorts!"
Quoth the Raven, "Beware of Democrats with free programs."
Quoth the Raven, "Eat My Shorts."
Quoth the Raven, "File access DENIED... forevermore!"
Quoth the Raven, "I gotta get better dialogue."
Quoth the Raven, "Nevermore."
Quoth the Raven, "What, again!"
Quoth the Raven, 'Eat my shorts!' --Bart.
Quoth the Raven: Anything simple is stated in the most complicated manne
Quoth the Raven: NO CARRIER
Quoth the T-Rex: "Terok Nor!"
Quoth the craven, "Never bored."
Quoth the raven, "Eat my shorts".
Quoth the raven, 'Eat My Shorts' - Bart S
Quoth the raven, `Eat my shorts!'
Quoting Lutheran writings didn't mean Hitler was a Christian
Quoting Rolando Nieves to Greg Gensler (Sat Jan 29 1994)
Quoting one is plagiarism.  Quoting many is research.
Quoting the Bible doesn't count as thinking.
Qute programers use Qedit
Qute programers use Qedit
Qu‚bec bras...They don't lift, they only separate!
QuŠ ‚s un rato? El marit de la rata! (c) P. Gol
Qvid me anxivs svm
QwK!  QWK!  QWK!  -  Mating  call  of  the  mail  duck.
Qweekmail?  We don't need no steenking Qweekmail!
Qweekmail?  We don't need no steenking Qweekmail!
Qwerty, asdfjkl, and :; too
Qwertyuiop  asdfghjkl  zxcvbnm...keyboard alphabet
Qwk! Where's the Blue Wave!?
QwkMailer Of Borg þ  Taglines are Futile
Qwks are for kids - XPRESS is for power users.
q#H)    baseball catcher with hat on backwards
q:-)    for those who wear their caps backwards.
qaHtaSvIS wa' ram loS SaD Hugh SIjlaH qetbogh loD
qatlh tlob qatlh?  (Translation:  Why ask why?)
qua.ni'ti.ty: (n) a bodacious mammary gland.
quack quack
quark: The sound made by a well bred duck
question = '\xFF';  /* optimized Hamlet */
quis custodiet ipsos custodes?  Who guards us from the guardians?
quod erat demonstrandum, baby
quotations. E.G.:
qwerty, asdfjkl, and :; too.
qwertyuiop  asdfghjkl  zxcvbnm...keyboard alphabet.