Z is for Zefram Chochrane, who's invention delights me and you!
Z'Ha'Dum! --Kosh.
Z-MODEM (n): Name for modem after being given a tranquilizer
Z-MODEM: What you hook up to ze phone.
Z80's are our friends!
ZAAAAAP! MEWWWWWWRRRRR! &amp;lt;- Cat paying attention.
ZAMFIR PLAYS METALICA - Order your copy today from K-Tel Records !
ZAMFIR PLAYS METALICA - Order your copy today!
ZAP! HEY! That coulda hurt! - Earthworm Jim, to Queen Slug for a Butt
ZAP! Process discontinued
ZAP! Process discontinued. Enter any 12-digit prime number to resume.
ZAP! That was *not* manual override.  -- Data
ZAP...ZAP...ZAP...click...click... Damn! My phaser's out
ZAP: Zero and Add Packed
ZAPPA: And how 'bout you Fauna, ya wanna?
ZAPPA: And you are my sofa.
ZAPPA: Aww Bobby, I'm sorry you got a head like a potato, I really am
ZAPPA: Evelyn, a modified dog, viewed the fringe of a quivering doilly
ZAPPA: Moving to Montana soon, gonna be a mental toss flycoon
ZAPPA: She didn't like it when her fanbelt shrunk and got shorter
ZAPPA: Tax the churches!!!!!
ZAPPA: The poodle bites, the poodle chews it
ZAPPA: Watch out where the huskies go and don't you eat that yellow snow
ZAPPPP...&amp;lt;Sizzle&amp;gt;...&amp;lt;THUD&amp;gt;
ZAPPPP......&amp;lt;THUD&amp;gt;...Sorry nameless expendable crewman.
ZAPPPP......Gee, coulda sworn it was set to STUN!!
ZAPPPP......Hey, where'd Wesley go??  &amp;lt;And who cares!?!&amp;gt;
ZAPPPP...&lt;Sizzle&gt;...&lt;THUD&gt;
ZAPPPP...BEVERLY!?!?! &amp;lt;Who'll I have breakfast with now?&amp;gt;
ZAR: Zero Any Register
ZCFH: Zero Core For the Hell of it
ZD: Zap Directory
ZEBRA---The size a nursing mother wears.
ZEBRA:  A sports-model Horse!!!
ZEN BUDDHISTS do it because they don't want to do it because they want to do it
ZENO - I'm not moving
ZENOCIDE: The killing of ancient philosophers
ZEOW: Zero Every Other Word
ZEUS - Deus Done
ZIP ZIP UNDO ME
ZIP ads are lame Lame LAME! - Far Out - Sysop of RSC
ZIP files are like sex. You can use `em over &amp; over, again! &lt;BG&gt;
ZIP me!PAK me!make me compress my bits!.ARJ!!
ZIP me, PAK me, Make me compress my bits!!
ZIP.EXE -ex
ZIPPEDTAGLINE
ZIPPER MAKERS do it on the fly.
ZIPPERZON: Town famous for growing Zipperzon bananas.
ZIPPY does it on his lunch break.
ZIPiddy do.ZIPiddy yeay
ZIPidy do Da, ARCidy Day
ZIPidy do Da, ARCidy Day . . .
ZIPitty do dah, ARCity ay!
ZIT: German Dog Command
ZMODEM - French for a telecommunications device.
ZMODEM has bigger bits, and tighter ASCII.
ZMODEM has bigger bits, softer blocks, and tighter
ZMODEM-French for a telecommunications device.
ZMODEM:  Big bits, Soft blocks, Tighter ASCII.
ZMODEM: It should be hooked up to zphone.
ZModem.... Big BITS, Nice BAUD, Tight ASCII.
ZModem: Big BITS, Nice Baud, Tight ASCII
ZOO(n):what college dorms could look like if cleaner.
ZOOLOGISTS do it with animals
ZORBA THE GREEK - BEFORE HE ZORBAS YOU
ZORI: A type of sandal.
ZORIL: A small African animal.
ZORILET - a small African animal that wears sandals
ZPDUDA: Zippity doo dah
ZPI: ZaP Immediate
ZQWK v0.38Beta [CrossPoint-Version]
ZS Here's a couple of Tribble tags I just thought of:
ZZAPP!  Another one bites the dust!
ZZZZAP !!
ZZZZZZZ   This Tagline is taking a nap     ZZZZZZZ
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz..............
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzShush my Tagline is asleep.
ZZZZZzzzoooooooommmmmm  &gt;WHAM&lt;   "Sorry"   : A-Ko
ZZZZZzzzzzzz.... Is Windows loaded yet?
ZZZzzzz...&amp;lt;WHACK!&amp;gt;...zzzzZZZ &amp;lt;Damn hard drive!)
ZZZzzzz...&lt;WHACK!&gt;...zzzzZZZ &lt;Damn hard drive!)
ZZzzzzz...SNORT..Huh?..Whew!, Thank GOD I was only dreaming
Zackary Tippett has been caught stealing taglines again
Zackary reads Homer in the original Greek, but doesn't know Greek.
Zackary, it looks like you've leapt into a tagline!.
Zackary, you forgot the bloomin' TAGLINE
Zall's Law: A dirty book is seldom dusty.
Zamfir plays Metallica - Order your copy today!
Zap your mouse and put it out of its memory !
Zap!
Zapata - started as a mexican revolutionary, ends up as mustache !
Zaphod Beeblebrox for President!
Zaphod Beeblebrox for Prime Minister!
Zaphod Beeblebrox in `96! Two heads are better than one!
Zaphod Beeblebrox this is a very large drink.  Hi Zaphod Beeblebrox
Zaphod Beeblebrox was amazingly good at his job. - HHGTTG
Zaphod Beeblebrox, this is a very large drink
Zaphod Beeblebrox:the Best Bang since the Big One (Eccenttrica Galumbits)
Zaphod is just zith guy, you know ?!         -- [NO HOOPIER].
Zaphod is the Ultimate cool guy!             -- [NO GROOVIER].
Zaphod loved effect, it was what he was best at. - HHGTTG
Zaphod's just this guy, you know? - Zaphod's analyst
Zaphod's just this guy, you know?- Gag Halfront
Zaphod, I trust you as far as I could spit out a rat - Ford Prefect
Zaphod, you look good.  The extra head suits you
Zaphod, you look good.  The extra head suits you. - Ford Prefect
Zaphod, you look good. The extra head suits you.
Zapped or gassed or put to sleep, at least he won't make one more peep.
Zappo Transporter 3000 for sale. Re-assembly required.
Zathras ask if anyone out there?
Zathras ask if anyone out there? -- Zathras
Zathras can never have anything *nice*! - Zathras
Zathras good at doings, not understandings. -- Zathras
Zathras is finite. YOU are finite. "N" is wrong letter
Zathras know you not listen, because nobody listens to poor Zathras
Zathras no good a typing on normal keyboard, need bent one at home as well
Zathras not good at correcting masters
Zathras not good at such judgments, leave them to others
Zathras not good with usenet
Zathras not good with usenet. -- Zathras
Zay you're out for a beer
ZbpxaROZqzafTLTArG
Ze French Binary Cod‚ = 11¢111¢111¢11¢1
Ze French Binary Cod‚ = 11¢111¢111¢11¢1
Ze human spirit, it is a hard thing to kill.  Even with a chainsaw.
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Zealous attitude: Opinionated -work evaluationese
Zebra, n. - A bra 25 times larger than an A-bra
Zebra:  a sports model jackass
Zebra:  the largest size bra
Zebra: 25 sizes larger than an A bra
Zebra: a sports model jackass.
Zed's dead Baby, Zed's dead! - Butch
Zed, it's Maynard.  The spider just caught a coupla flies
Zees is KAOS!! We do not have kute Tagline HERE!
Zelda had to "liverwurst" years with Hank.
Zen                       What is the sound of sh*t happening?
Zen - What is the sound of **** happening?
Zen Buddhist Pizza: "Make me one with everything!"
Zen Buddhist ordering a hotdog: "Make me one with everything."
Zen Buddhists DO IT because they want to DO IT.
Zen Crafters - enlightenment in about an hour.
Zen Crafters -- Complete Enlightenment, In About An Hour!
Zen Crafters -- enlightenment in about one hour
Zen Debate: What is the sound of one Rush shutting up?
Zen Debate: What is the sound of one Rush shutting up?  (Limbaugh)
Zen Dentistry will transcend dental medication
Zen Druidry:  Transcendental vegetation
Zen Druids practice Transcendental Vegetation.
Zen Druids use Mistle-Tao
Zen Flying - You've got to -be- the plane
Zen Master to hotdog vendor: "Make me one with everything."
Zen Math - 2+2 just is
Zen Meditators do it thoughtlessly.
Zen Monks do it and don't do it.
Zen T-Shirt: Enlightenment Available - Enquire Within
Zen and the Art of EchoMail... Be the tagline
Zen and the Art of EchoMail: Be the message... Be the tagline
Zen and the Art of Procrastination - I'll read it later.
Zen congressmen pass transcendental legislation.
Zen dog dreams of a medium - sized bone.
Zen football:  A long pass out of the I formation.
Zen is like looking for the spectacles that are sitting on your nose.
Zen is simply a voice crying, "Wake up! Wake up!"
Zen master to hot dog vendor: "Make me one with all."
Zen master to hot dog vendor: Make me one with everything.
Zen monk 2 the hotdog man - Make Me One With Everything
Zen monk to hot dog vendor: "Make me 1 w/everything."
Zen monk to the hotdog man - Make Me One With Everything
Zen order: Make me none with everything
Zen picnic food:  Energy, Big Boy?
Zen picnic food:  Soap, Ballot, shield, woman
Zen: (def)  What is the sound of s**t happening?
Zen:Just by being, you're on the road to perfection
Zen:When you become your true self, you've achieved zen
ZenCrafters - Total Enlightenment in about an hour.
ZenMail:  Make my tagline one with everything
Zenmaster to hot dog vendor: "Make me one with everything."
Zenocide:  The killing of ancient philosophers
Zenocide: killing an old Greek philosopher, paradoxically
Zenocide: the killing of ancient philosophers.
Zenon C. R. Hansen, Chairman of Mack Trucks, was an Eagle Scout.
Zenophobia:  The irrational fear of convergent sequences
Zentraedi are people too!
Zentraedi shrink to do it.
Zentraedi?!  Where?! . . .  %&amp;$#@%&amp;($@$^*%&amp;%($^#$%NO CARRIER
Zephram Cochrane died 150 years ago! -  McCoy
Zephram. We frighten you. We never frightened you before
Zephyr Falcon:  Serra-keet
Zeppelin : Shaka ...when the Levy Breaks.
Zero Defects, n.: The result of shutting down a production line
Zero K memory.
Zero Mostel: That's it baby!  When you got it, flaunt it!  Flaunt it! -- Mel Brooks, "The Producers"
Zero plus zero is zero.
Zero to Warp 9.7 in 13 seconds!
Zero to sixty in about an hour - Tom on VW bug
Zero tolerance / infinite hypocracy
Zero tolerance for all liberal democrats!
Zero, my hero... How wonderful you are!
Zero, said Tom naughtily.
Zero-G loading zone - NO weightlifters allowed!
Zero/Zero: Style &amp; artistry pts. for gear-up landings
Zero: the space left after installing OS/2.
Zeroes and ones will take us there.  -- Jesus Jones
Zeroxpox - Skin disease of copier paper with large powder
Zetar, when the lights went out.t
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
Zeus was deified, saw Suez.
Zeus, the Earth directory needs compressing.
ZfOg "just kidding" doesn't make it okay to insult the Principal.
ZfOs dead, Jim. But hell, she was like that in the sack."
Zhirinovsky of Borg: I will reassimilate Alaska and Finland.
Zi Dingir Kia Kanpa!
Zidane is not very happy, because he's suffering from the wind - Ron Atkinson
Zig Zag or EZ Wider ?
Ziggy figures 97% ... course there's always that 3% margin of error
Ziggy had Garfield neutered?!  Now THAT'S funny!
Ziggy says it's 100% probable that you'll say "oh boy."
Ziggy says that there is a 10% chance that you've leaped into @TO@!
Ziggy says there's a 30% chance of rain Tuesday.
Ziggy says there's a 94.1% chance your Tagline is stolen
Ziggy says there's a 94.1% chance your Tagline is to be adopted.
Ziggy says there's a 98% chance that you're here to steal taglines.
Ziggy says there's a thirty percent chance of rain Thursday.
Ziggy says this one may be a little tricky. -- Al Calavicci
Ziggy says you're here to play with matches. HUH!?!?!?!
Ziggy should have a little more faith in human nature. -- Sam
Ziggy's got zip, zilch, zero. - Al
Ziggyuken: Catch It!
Zik Zak: Know Future
Zilch!  Mr. Dabolina  Mr. Bob Dabolina
Zima taztes like zhit
Zima!  Tastes like zhit!
Zima? Taztz like zhit.
Zimmerman's Law of Complaints:  Nobody notices when thing
Zinc: Where you wash your face.
Zinesheen - The plastic wrap on the magazines you receive in the mail
Zing! Oooh, she zoomed me! - Crow
Zingers? ... Hardly! The items were quite humorous.
Zip files are like sex, you can use them over and over!
Zip it, son.  I'll handle this. -- Col. Potter to Hawkeye
Zip up your Tagline
Zip up, Dick. -- Harley Stone
Zip, then fasten, or fasten, then zip? - GARIBALDI
Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah
Zip-a-de-do-dah, zip-a-de-day, PKWare screwed up today.
Zip-a-dee Doo Dah, Zip-a-dee ay...my, oh my, what a wonderful day!
Zip...unzip...Whose the pervert that came up with this?
Zipped or Unzipped - THAT is the Question
Zipper:  Device behind which Bill Clinton hides his brain
Zipper:  Device behind which congressmen hide their brains.
Zipper: undoing of the modern girl - it opens up great possibilities.
Zippermakers do it on the fly.
Zipperneck! Show'em your stuff!   Aggghh! UNSIGHTLY! - The Tick
Zippers -- Little alligators of ecstasy
Zippety Do-Dah, Zippety-ay. --Uncle Remus
Zippy says:
Zippy the Pinhead in '96! "Am I elected yet?"
Zippy the Wonder Falcon (Zephyr Falcon)
Zippy the pinhead is a twit.
Zippy's brain cells are straining to bridge synapses
Zirofsky of Borg: I will reassimilate Alaska and Finland.
Zis is KAOS! Ve do not have Kute Taglines here!
Zisla's Law:  If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants
Zit gun set for stun! - Joel as teen runs to his car
Zit:  Dog Command.
Zits are usually found having pore-gasms.
ZlWnd two and TURN - Tom as bad actor turns around
Zmodem Pizza DownLoad:  Slices DownLoaded: 02  Slices Remaining: 04
Zmodem Stooges: Nak Nak Nak
Zmodem has bigger BITS and tighter ASCII
Zmodem has bigger bits, softer blocks, and tighter ASCII
Zmodem has softer blocks and tighter ASCII
Zmodem: Big BITS, nice BAUD, and a tight ASCII.
Zo please tell us what you have for zale, said Tom zealously.
Zo true, mein freund, but ve haff our vays
Zo true, mein freund, but ve haff our vays. Heh Heh.
Zo zis guy zayz, "Nize .zignature" BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM
Zo, tell me about your mother, Herr Heinlein. 
Zodiac signs are a bunch of Taurus feces
Zodiac signs:  Taurus, the bull - Cancer, the crab - Mickey, the mouse
Zoe and Aleya -  Putting wrong what once went right!
Zoe, Mother of All Living.
Zog?  Zog what?  Zog yes, zog no? - Ivanova
Zog?  Zog what?  Zog yes?  Zog no?  What?! - Ivanova
Zoinks!  I sure hope that's just Scooby behind me
Zombie Sitcom: BURIED...WITH CHILDREN
Zombie interns - Crow on two dorky guys
Zombie on the team you gotta play him in right field-Crow
Zombies aren't dead. They're just "living impaired"
Zombies look ok this year - Crow on baseball game
Zombies on Loose! Wanted - Dead or Alive! ... Details at 10
Zomething different?  Make your own Zima!  Ferment 7-UP!
Zonder bewustzijn is er niets!
Zonker Harris *HAS* to be related to Al Gore.
Zoologists do it with animals.
Zoom users of the World : unite
Zoophiles see the entire animal kingdom as potential dates!
Zoophobia - A fear of animals
Zoos are a necessary evil, I think, Tom said cagily
Zooty!  Zoot, zoot!
Zop ! Stolipei !
Zopy me
Zorch of Borg: Full motels are irrelevant. You will serve us chocolate
Zorch would be a good choice because it's a lot of chocolate.
Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! Zorch! FREZBERG!!!
Zorch, no sleeping on the Promenade. Go home. - Odo
Zoroastrianism            sh*t happens half the time
Zoroastrianism - **** happens half the time.
Zoroastrism: the belief that God is actually a masked Mexican
Zoron Research, Inc. - Custom Lampwork (Glassblowing)
Zorro, the gay blade.
Zort!
Zort! - Pinky
Zounds - a GORKON death station appears.
Zounds!  I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad. -- William Shakespeare, "King John"
Zounds! madam, you had no taste when you married me! * Sheridan
Zsa Zsa of Borg. Prepare to be assimilated dahling.
Zucchini is NOT the name of a Mob family!
Zucchini is NOT the name of a circus trapeze act!
Zucchini is NOT the name of a revealing swimsuit!
Zucchini is NOT the name of an Italian auotmatic weapon!
Zucchini is NOT the name of an ice-smoothing machine!
Zucchini of Borg:  Naaaahh, that's TOO weird...even for a tagline.
Zucchini sci-fi movie:  "Garden Wars" with Zuke Skywalker.
Zucchini:  God's way of saying "You don't work in your garden enough."
Zucchini:  dense, flavorless vegetable useful as ballast.
Zucchini? I gotta pay more attention to these recipes before I post em
Zulu time: A Zulu warrior with time on his hands
Zunk Error: No frizzits in the blurf
Zut!  Il pleut des aubergines!
Zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse. One was assaulted!
Zwieback: A crisp slice of wellbred conversation.
Zwip, I tell you! Zwip! Zwip! ZWIIIIIIP!--Erin Anderson
Zy.mur.gy \`zI-(,)mar-jE\ nZen Monks do it and don't do it.
Zygote: A gamete's way of producing more gametes
Zymosan: last word in the dictionary; Damn I'm Bored!
Zymurgists do it with yeasts.
Zymurgists do it with yeasts.
Zymurgy's 7th Exception to Murphy's Laws:  When it rains, it pours.
Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving System Dynamics: Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor: People are always available for work in the past tense
Zymurgy's Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws:  When it rains, it pours.
Zymurgy's Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws: When it rai
Zymurgy's law of volunteer labour: People are always available for work in the past tense
Zyxel the best modem on the market - Try I do!!!!
Zzz Yawn Blink The World?  Huh? I didn't hear the question
Zzzzz ... This Tagline is taking a nap ... zzzzz
Zzzzz ... This Tagline is taking a nap ... zzzzz
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.... You two are kinda dull and boring :)
zeal, n.: Quality seen in new graduates -- if you're quick
zoo:  A place where animals study the habits of humans.
zooks, sir, flesh &amp; blood, That's all I'm made of!-Browning
zsx6y7,l. op0  yhg4e3   "Hey!  Off the keyboard, cat!!"
zxy.yxy.yxy.yxy.yxy.y Tagline bees! Quick Mom, the Raid!